

"Onii-san… can I talk to you?"

As soon as those words left Flandre's lips, I could feel Sakuya-san's digging stare right at the back of my head. I refrain myself from looking back, as it would only confirm my uneasiness to the maid. I blinked, getting a feeling that this has happened before. I placed the book that I was reading back on the table top as I focused my attention to the little vampire.

"Yeah, what is it?" I asked, my voice gruff from the coffee that I just drank. I was enjoying the rest of my day from campus. I returned home from campus not too long ago, about ten or fifteen minutes give or take. But back to Flandre, this must be the first time she had ever want to talk with me.

"Um… I…" she pokes the tip of her index finger together, her eyes finding the floor attractive. Okay, this got my attention. Flandre acting shy? Well, her first time coming here is excluded, but now? This must be serious if not important. She finally looks at me in the eye, a small blush on her face. "I need to talk with you in private."

"Sure…?" I'm not sure on how I should respond to that, so I'll go along with it for now. I walked to the balcony, Flandre follows me since she wants to talk to me in private. I don't get it. Why would she want to talk in private? Isn't it fine? Sakuya-san is her maid after all, so there's nothing wrong in talking in front of her, right? I opened the sliding glass door, Flandre enters and closed the door behind her.

I crossed my arms, waiting for the girl to talk. "So, what is it?" I asked as patiently as I can.

"Eh… it's kind of embarrassing…" she scratched her head while looking down at the same time. Now this confirms the point where she is shy. I have never seen Flandre acting like this before, so maybe this will be quite amusing to watch.

I smiled, waving her worries off. "It's fine, after all, it's just the both of us right? Sakuya-san isn't here to hear us talk, so tell me, what is it?" I try to be as persuasive as I can, trying to get her to talk about whatever it is that has been on her mind. While I do know delicacy, but it is Flandre who wants to talk to me. So I see no wrong if I were to question her.

"It's because that I need to talk to you that makes it embarrassing…" she muttered, still avoiding my face.

"It's fine, just tell me and I'll listen and help in any way I can." I assured her.

She looks convinced. She takes in a deep breath of air, finally making eye contact with me. I don't know what fired her up to make her stare at me like that, but whatever it is, it looks like it finally made her want to speak to me. "O-Onii-san, you know that vampires drink blood right?"

I nod in affirmative. "Yes, I do. What are you trying to say here?"

"Y-You see, I haven't had enough blood lately. And for a vampire, that's the same as not eating for three days." She explained. "So… what I need to tell you is that…" I unconsciously leaned in closer, wanting to hear what is it that she wants to say. "Can I please have some of your blood!"

…

"Sure."

"Eh?"

I smiled, laughing lightly. "Sure, I mean I know that it'll be like this anyway." I ruffled the blonde's hair, patting it before taking my arms off from her head. "Getting blood packs from the hospital can be expensive, it will cost me a lot. And not to mention, it will be suspicious if I were to purchase them monthly or weekly."

Flandre looks at me with confused eyes. I smiled faintly, patting her head once more. "What I'm saying is this, if you're fine with my blood, then you may drink from… me…" I scrunched my face up in discomfort. Somehow, that statement came out wrong. Shaking my head, I banish any unnecessary thoughts. "Well anyway, just tell me when you will need to drink then I'll give the okay." I gave her both thumbs up.

Flandre did not react, she is still frozen, staring at me with her eyes wide. Soon later, I noticed the drop of tear coming out from her eyes. I began to get concerned. "What's the matter?"

"No… the-there's nothing wrong… it's just…" she wipes her eyes, ridding it dry from tears. She gave me one of her brightest smile before hugging me in my abdomen. "Thank you Onii-san… you're the nicest person I know…" she buries her head deeper to my stomach, an act that I'm not used to.

The action surprises me. "Y-Yeah… thank you." Stuck with a pause of awkwardness, I slowly hug the vampire back, wrapping my arms around her small and petite figure. This lasted longer than what I expected, maybe I should let go now. I let go, and Flandre lets go too. She, to my confusion, leans in closer to me. She is using her feet to tip her height so that she could reach my face, I tried to leaned back, but Flandre have her arms placed on my shoulders to prevent me from pulling back.

"Flandre… what are you-" my words died in my mouth. It was at that moment where I felt very vulnerable. This is the second time that Flandre had ever drunk my blood from my neck. I feel the quick and painful sensation enveloping my neck. It's not only my neck, the pain spread to my body, almost paralyzing me in pain. This is actually longer than the first time she drinks from me. The first time was quick, similar to getting an injection from a thick needle.

I can't even scream, it looks like she's taking in more than what she took from me the last time. Soon later, she slowly brought her fangs out from my neck, leaving two identical circle wound that would definitely be a pain to hide. My body felt weak instantly, I could pass out here and then, but I didn't. I felt weak, but somehow my body is forcing itself to operate and stay conscious. Then I flinched, feel a cold and wet sensation on my neck, or the part where I was bitten to be exact.

Flandre, using her expectedly soft and small tongue, licks my wound as if she's trying to clean it. Believe it or not, it's actually working. I could feel the pain slowly subsiding. Slowly later, I realized that I'm no longer paralyzed, I got control over my body back again. Flandre pulled back from me, she has the tip of her fingers touching her lips. Then she sensually licked her supple and small, rosy lips.

My breathing is getting hitched, almost as if I'm tempted by the mere sight of Flandre licking her lips. I don't know if this is a vampire thing or not, but what I know is that it's not natural. I mean come on, I am a straight male. I am attracted to females just like any other straight females are attracted to male. I do, however, have standards.

While Flandre is the perfect example of a… deceiving look, and if I were to say it as any other rational human, her physical looks are what that matters to people that are attracted to her. But… am I attracted to her?

…

Eh? W-wait… this can't be right? I can't be a sick… pedophile… right? I don't even know myself. It seems that the whole conversation that I had with Sakuya-san two days ago is still inside my head – no – how could it not be inside my head? I kept thinking, not because I want but it's because I can't help it, thinking about what will happen if Flandre were to… snap emotionally. Would her powers go on a massive overload and started to destroy half of the world's population just like in any other shounen manga out there?

Would she be able to return then, if she were to have her powers back? Most likely. Magic is considered a taboo in societies today. It is the same as learning things that you are not supposed to learn in the first place. I don't really know about magic and all, but what I can say is that it's better for me to not get involved with dangerous things like that. That is why there is another alternative, if not suitable, replacement for magic.

Science.

It's amazing, right? Science…

"What's wrong Onii-san? Did it hurt…?"

I was snapped immediately out of my thoughts. "No, it didn't hurt. At least not that much." With my hands still wrapped around her hips, I smiled awkwardly at her. "It's painful, but not so much later on. It would be better if you would tell me when you are going to bite. You know, so that I can prepare myself and all that?"

I received a girlish giggle for a reply. I can feel a pair of small, smooth and slender arms wrapped around my neck. "Hihihi… Okay Onii-san." She gave me her reply.

It soon came to me that we are in a rather… intimate position. I let go of her hips, keeping my hands to myself. Fake sniffing, I directed the conversation elsewhere. "Brr… it's getting chilly tonight. Better head in."

"But it's summer, and it's not that cold."

"Haha… let's go inside anyway."

"Uh…Hm…?"

"Ex… me…"

"Hm…? Sa-Sakuya-san?"

I woke up, my eyes shaking and strangely sleepy. The first thing that came to view are a pair of beautiful grey, exotic eyes. I have never knew someone with such eyes before. I did what I would consider as 'half asleep'. My hands reached up for the pair of beautiful eyes, then only to find that I'm holding onto something soft. Something… that I have never touched in my whole entire life.

I started to analyze whatever it is that I'm grabbing to by grabbing it, feeling its texture. Huh… it's soft, and quite angular too. Then my eyes snapped open, I saw Sakuya-san with an expression that I have never seen in her face before. Annoyance and irritation. I jumped to my feet, startled. "Gaah!" I stood shocked. However, I am still clueless at whatever it is that I have done. I was going to open my mouth but Sakuya san's raised hand stopped me.

"Excuse me. There is someone outside of the door." Her finger pointed at the door's direction. As soon as my eyes landed on the door, I could hear knocking sound from outside. "I haven't seen who the person is. Thinking that it is wise to do so." she finished.

"Uh… I see…" I walked over to the door, taking my time on using the peeping hole to see whoever it is that is outside the door. My eyes went wide. It seems that my greatest worry has come true. Outside is a middle aged man, maybe older. He is big, but not enough to be called macho, and has the face of an old, desperate fellow who gets paid by charging more than what he's supposed to. This is my landlord, my… greatest trouble if one could say.

This apartment, due to it being a housing unit for university students like me, forbids having roommates. Be it your own family member, you cannot have more than one people staying here. I gulped down hard. Nevertheless, I could not afford on staying here like a stupid person. I need to think of a way so that Sakuya-san and Flandre won't get find.

I made a come here gesture to Sakuya-san, she walks over to me. I whispered in her ears, "Sakuya-san, please go and hide somewhere. My landlord doesn't allow people other than the tenants to live in this apartment. So I need you and Flandre to escape from the window and hide."

She understood the seriousness of the situation. She gave me a brief but all understanding nod, and she picks the sleeping vampire up so that she could hide somewhere outside. After the coast is all clear, and I had everything cleaned up, I finally opened the door. The door swings open. "Yes, how may I help yo-"

"Surprise inspection." The man rudely stomped his way into the room, as if he's the owner. Oh wait, he is the owner. I let the man do what it is that he needs to do. He began checking my room, my kitchen and when it comes to my balcony I become more nervous. He opened the sliding door, and began checking. Shortly later, he came back inside and slides the door close. I made a mental relief, seeing that Sakuya-san and Flandre had somehow managed to hide.

The landlord walks over to me. He narrowed his eye at me, something that a person would do to a suspicious person. "Hm… I can tell that something is off here. I'll be coming again." He said finally, before leaving through the door and harshly closing it. I released the sigh that I have been holding back. At the same time, Sakuya-san remerges from the balcony while carrying the still asleep Flandre.

"Is it okay now…?" I heard Sakuya-san ask. I reply to her with a nod. She placed Flandre down on the futon again, letting the girl sleep in peace.

I slumped down to my chair. We are safe but only for now. I don't know when the landlord will return, and when he do, maybe I won't be as lucky as I am. My eyes travelled to the clock in the room, I shoot up straight to my feet. "Dang! I'm going to be late!" I run erratically to my dresser. I pulled out some spare clothes and my bag with me. I slip my wallet into my pockets, and finally placing the spare clothes inside my bag.

"I need to go now Sakuya-san, please, take care of Flandre." I reached for the door, opening it.

"Yes, have a good time at work." She waves at me. I closed the door, leaving for my work.

Somewhere…

"Patche, have you find their locations?"

"Hm… it's not that easy Remi. Their magic signature are very faint, this must be one of the effect of going to the outside world… I will need more time before I could find their exact position." A voice replied to the first one, both are female, but a little bit sickly.

"Then see to it." The first voice said out uncaringly.

"Remi…?" the other woman asked. "Why don't you just ask the gap Youkai for help?"

A sound of rustling could be heard, and clinking of glass is audible. Then followed by a pouring sound of water. Before, another clink. Then, for the next seven seconds comes silence, everything, except for the ambience of dread and night.

"Do please continue on doing your job Patche, I will return to my chambers."

The sound of soft footsteps rung through the echoey room, then the opening of doors could be heard, before the closing. The lone woman who is left alone in the room sighed.

"Haah… When will you grow up Remi?" sometimes, she needs to learn how to say no…

"Onii-san where are we?"

"We're at the mall Flandre. You've asked me seven times already."

Tokyo truly is a magnificent place. The place really lives up to the name 'The most technologically advanced city in the world.'. I don't know about other people, but I personally think that they should also add 'The most crowded city in the world.'. I mean, seriously, I was planning to enjoy my free time with Flandre and Sakuya-san, and the place where we are going is so darn crowded.

I can feel a presence coming close to me. I turned around, seeing Sakuya-san in a rather different attire. "How… How do I look?" she came out of the dressing room to fit on the clothes that she picked. My face heats up the moment I saw her. Before, she was dressed in a maid uniform, which gives us unnecessary attention from the passerby. Now, she is dressed more casually.

The white blouse that she wears matches the black skirt that she is wearing. She is still wearing her shoes. She now looks more like a casual teenager instead of a hardworking maid. She looks beautiful, now if only I could say that without telling her at the same time…

"Beautiful."