
…Damn subconscious.

I panicked, worried that I might offend her in a way. But she giggled, something that I haven't heard from her. I could feel my face heating up even more so the more I hear her laugh. I hide my crimson face by covering them with one of my hand, since my other one is too busy carrying bags from previous shopping.

"Thank you…" I heard her say. My face heats up further. I swear if it wasn't for my tanned complexion, I would be a walking tomato right now.

Eventually, my 'moment of honesty' has subsided. I brought my hand away from my face, giving the silver haired woman a smile. "Don't mention it." I coughed, before I embarrass myself further. "Anyway, it's time for dinner. I suggest eating in a restaurant." I suggested of her.

"Hm… anywhere you want to." she shrugged, agreeing.

"Okay." I focused my attention to the chibi vampire that is accompanying us. "Flandre, we're going to eat out tonight. Say, where do you want to eat?" I asked.

I swear I saw stars in her eyes. She latched on to me, gripping my torso with her strong arms. I nearly fell at that point, but somehow managed to maintain equilibrium. "Ooh! Ooh! I saw this restaurant thingy place on the TV. It's very cool! They have chicken, they have rice, they have wine, they have steak…" she goes on and on with her list of food.

I can't help but laugh. I placed the shopping bags down in order to lift the girl up in the air. "Yeah, yeah. We'll eat there. I know the place." She's referring to a newly opened restaurant. The food's delicious and they're having discounts. So why not? The blonde haired vampire giggled happily in my arms. She then climbed on my back, sitting on my shoulders. "Whoa, not too sudden now."

Sakuya-san giggled, seeing the scene must have amuses her. She walked next to me, gripping my free hand. Of course, this sudden action shocked me. I stammered, my face red. "S-Sakuya-san!" was all that I could utter.

"It's fine. I rarely have time to spend like this, so why not right?" I can't believe that a mere smile could make my heart beat faster than a speaker in a disco.

"Yeah…" I soon began to feel the feeling of embarrassment being washed away, replaced by a feeling of content. A small, transient smile formed on my face. "Why not?"

We both laughed, accompanied by Flandre's constant questioning. The night has never been so satisfying, for me at least. It was at that moment where I felt my second form of happiness. The first is to see my sick mother at home. And now, I am happy because I get to spend my time with two, unordinary, yet kind people. I wish for this moment to never end, I just wish that we three could just walk around like this until forever…

But even I know that it's impossible.

A few days later…

"Yaawn… good morning." I greeted the silver haired maid who is already awake and cleaning. She flashed me a smile, to which I returned sleepily. I stand from my futon, carefully seeing that Flandre is still asleep before me.

Sakuya-san walked up to me, planted a good morning kiss on my cheeks. "Wash your face sleepy head, you look like pin cushion." She giggled at the sight of my hair, and I must admit, I do look silly.

My lips stretched into a small smirk. "Kyaaa!" a small shriek emanated from the usually stoic maid. I pulled her close to me, with my hands on her hips. I closed the distance between our face, our nose merely touching a few centimeters away. Due to her being at an advantage in height, I might look kind of lame like this.

"Now, now… since when did we start greeting each other with a morning kiss, hum?" I nuzzled my nose upon hers, this is what people would call an eskimo kiss. Her face flushed, something that I never see her making. It brought happiness to my heart knowing that she could blush. We look like a pathetic couple in love I bet.

Seeing her timid and shy side made me unable to restrain myself. I tip toed, planting a kiss on her forehead. I got a really, really nice reaction from her. Something that I will treasure until the day I die. "Just kidding, I was the one who caused us to end up like this didn't I?" I asked her, receiving a silent not in response. My teasing smirk shifted into a small, peculiar smile. I remembered what had happened three days ago…

Flashback

"Uwaah... I guess it's time for sleep…" after the shopping trip before, there is no way in hell that my body isn't tired. I just finished work, quite early, took a bath and what's better than to finish my day with a good night sleep. Besides, it's already ten and Flandre's asleep.

All that's left is Sakuya-san. She is still awake, currently having her time alone on the balcony. I could see her figure from here, her silver hair and tall yet lithe form. She makes a great contrast between the night sky and the moon, causing the sight to trap me in awe and beauty. My feeling for sleep is gone. Like, bam.

I had the urge to walk over to her and talk, but I don't know what to talk about. I'm sure, in all ways, that she is worried about the wellbeing of her mistress back home. Even if said mistress is the one who sent her maid and little sister, I could still tell that Sakuya-san loves her dearly.

I'm jealous. So jealous. This Remilia Scarlet, to have such a wonderful maid and little sister… my life isn't gifted with both, but I am still content with me and parents. But the feeling of jealousy is too much. I don't know if they were enchanted by my own personal feelings, or if I'm just wishing to have people like Sakuya-san in my life.

I cannot think. My body does all. I stood from my bed, walking towards the lonely maid. The sliding of door caused her to focus her attention to me. Despite that, she never did turn her head and faced me. I can feel that it's getting colder tonight, as the gentle summer breeze swept by the both of us. I see her short, precious hair billow lightly, I had the urge to tap her shoulders right here and there.

But I settled for a conversation. "Hey, you okay?" I asked, my voice questioning.

"Hm… I'm fine." She finally turns to face me. I could see the redness in her eyes, and the moist on her cheeks. She had been crying. I felt a huge pang in my heart, knowing that I never noticed her like this. "It's okay, I'll be going to sleep later."

I could just go along and went back to sleep, but my conviction of being with her remains firm. I stepped forward, stepping closer to her. "No. You're not okay." I said firmly. At my tone, she looked down, avoiding my gaze. "Tell me, did I do something to upset you or did you not enjoy the-"

Her words cut me short. "No! I would never…" she burst out, before quieting down. She stood unspeaking, for a minute while. As the gentleness of night was graced upon us, I took the opportunity to do one large step that I have ever made in my whole life.

"Sakuya-san. Please, tell me." I gripped her shoulders, my eyes forcing her to maintain eye contact with me. Though I might be forcing her, I can't help but want to. I want to help her, this fragile girl who hides her true self underneath a stoic mask.

We stood motionless. It was only the three of us. Me, Sakuya-san and the moon. And also Flandre who is sleeping if that counts. Regardless, I still want to know why she is crying. As if to prove my worry, she latched on to me, crying. I was shocked. I never really expected her to cry like this. I did what I should do, I stroke her hair gently, letting her bawl on to my shoulder. It feels… awkward, since she is technically taller than me.

"Shh… it's fine, I'll be here until you feel better." I remain true to my words. Minutes passed, and Sakuya-san has finally stopped crying. I only hear the constant sound of her sniffing. My head is running miles. What should I do next? What should I say? Yeah, I'm in trouble of not knowing what to do next. We did not speak. Our bodies touching, due to me hugging her. I have never hold a girl like this before in my life. This is my first time. Something tells me that this is Sakuya-san's first time to be held like this.

"Should we go inside… it's cold you know." I tried saying. But her hands stopped me. I was shocked. Astonished. Surprised. Think of any other synonyms out there but I will still be shocked. Sakuya-san hugged me, preventing me from moving. She's hugging me tight, she won't let go.

"No… wait, a little longer…" I heard her murmur.

I smiled, returning her hug. I felt a sense of pride at that very moment. It feels as if I could climb Mount Everest from bottom to top with ease. I know what I had chosen. I'm not dumb enough to not know that consequences of the action that I just took. There will be a time where Sakuya-san and Flandre will depart from my life. But as long as they're here, I want to make beautiful memories with them.

"I… Thank you…" I heard her say.

"Why…?"

She looked down, a tearful smile adorning her face. "I have never met someone so nice to me before in my life, aside from Ojou-sama that is." there it is again, the comparison between her mistress. "But… with you… it's different." She suddenly said, snapping me out of my thoughts. Her smile shifted into a gentle one. "Thank you, for giving me this chance in life."

I can't… I can't… I don't even know what to say. I simply hugged her tighter, burying myself into her neck. She don't mind, and is seem to be enjoying it too. "Silly maid… you should be thanking your mistress instead…" I meant no humor. After all, it was her mistress who sent her here.

She giggled upon hearing my comment. "I guess I should…" I regret saying that. "But that doesn't matter. Ojou-sama might have done her part to let me meet a person such as you…" she pulled her face away, allowing me full view of her beautiful and breathtaking smile. "But I'm sure that you're here because you're here."

I laughed. "I'm here because I'm here?" I joked.

She giggled before pinching me on the cheeks. "Silly, don't say anything." She leaned in closer, pressing her lips against my forehead. "There, a return for what you did to me before."

I looked up to the star filled sky, letting my eyes reflecting an expression of joy. "Thank you…" I muttered. If this is God's doing, then I'm very thankful. If this is my own doing, then I'm one hell of a man.

Flashback ends

My mind slowly drifted away, before I was awaken by a slight painful sensation on my forehead. "Ow…" I frowned, feeling a stinging feeling. I looked up, seeing my girlfriend's pouting face. "What did I do?"

"You're remembering something embarrassing." She stated, poutingly. "Don't do that."

I grinned, pulling her even closer to me. "Hm, maybe… no. I like to think of embarrassing things, especially when it concerns you…" I pushed my face closer to hers, feeling her pulling back. Is this what they call being lovey dovey? If so, then I'm enjoying it. I was about to lean in for the kiss, but Sakuya-san's finger stopped me midway.

"Shh… Imouto-sama is still sleeping," she gestured to the sleeping vampire, who is still sleeping peacefully. "but… why don't we take this outside…?"

Oh how I love my life.

Later, that night…

"Thank you, please come again."

As usual, grocery shopping is relaxing. I yawned, feeling sleepy already. It's still seven, I must be getting out of shape. Hm… I need to work out more. Tokyo is crowded as usual, and there's nothing I could do to change that fact. My phone, suddenly, rings. I looked at the caller's ID, it's an unknown caller. As a person who has little to no contact at all in Tokyo, I got nervous. I swipe the phone's screen, answering.

"Hello? Who is this?"

"Ah… it's me, it's me."

"Who are you? A scammer?" I said, flatly.

"No! It's me, the guy who sent you the cab remember?"

"Oh, it's you Jun."

"Can't you be a little bit more interested when talking to me?"

"Anyway, what do you want?" I asked, while making my way through the streets.

"Well… remember that time when I said that I won't owe you any other favors?"

"Yeah?"

"…I'll need to take my words back on that."

"Explain."

"Well, you see… we are holding this huge party. Not Yakuza stuff mind you, just us adult teenagers… we're short on one person so I'm hoping that you'll join?"

"How about… no." I rejected him.

"What why?! You're straight aren't you? Think about the girls, man, the girls!"

"I have my own already, there's no need for me to come to your party." I sighed out.

"You have a girlfriend?! Wow… never knew you had it in you man…"
