When I listened to her talk, I thought that she was just sprouting up nonsense, maybe she was filled down to the brain with stories by her so called Onee-sama. But she proved me wrong when wings started to sprout out from her back, and they aren't normal wings either. They look like wings, but they aren't the wings that I imagined what a vampire would have.

I know what a vampire is, I read about them in a book once. They are a mythical creature that feeds on the blood of humans, or any other living being there is. I still think of them as creatures that exist only within men's mind, but I can't stay true to that anymore when I'm facing one right now. Still…

"Prove it to me."

"Heh?"

I said it without thinking. I unknowingly clenched my fists. "Prove it to me that you are a vampire."

All the reaction that I got from Flandre was just a blink of an eye, something that a confused person would do. "Isn't it clear enough for you Onii-san?" is what she asked me.

"Still…" I can't really bring another reason for this matter. Flandre, a vampire? So that's why she's uncomfortable when going outside… however, my resolve remain strong. "Prove to me that you are a vampire."

"It can't be helped then…"I heard her mutter. She slowly get up on her feet, her 'wings' fluttering causing my eyes to widen. The clinging sound of prism shards is nothing like I've heard before, it is similar to glass when clinked together. She approached me, slowly, her red eyes which I thought was charming and exotic have not seemed so…

Dangerous.

She stopped when she was about ten inches from me. She then drops down to my laps, taking a seat while her face is facing my direction. Her face draws closer to mine, distance slowly being closed. My heartbeat increases, moving in a faster rate. But I'm ot nervous, nor am I scared. So why is my heart beating so fast?

As I was thinking, I noticed that Flandre's face was inches close to mine. I can feel her cold breath on my face, I can't help but release a breath of my own. It was then when I gulped really hard, and a certain memory came back to me. Flandre proclaimed that she was vampire, she's sensitive to sunlight, she's always asleep in the day whenever I return from campus…

Holy, mother of God… she's a vampire.

But it was too late, she pulled in a Dracula on me. Boy it hurt like hell, but only the first few seconds. I released a restrained scream, gritting my teeth to ignore the pain. But it was too much, I ended up screaming louder than what I expected. I'm not a person with a high tolerance of pain, I don't have experience with pain aside from some aches from my old job. But that's just about it.

It felt like nothing that I've ever felt before. It's similar to getting an injection from a needle, but imagine a needle with a large circumference and colder. In short, not the best experience I have in my life. As I cringed wordlessly, I can feel my body getting weaker, but nothing too much. It's like that I've run three times back and forth from here to my campus without rest. My body is getting fatigue, my head's a little bit drowsy.

Flandre finally lets go, I can feel her sharp vampiric fangs leaving my neck, it's gonna leave a mark that I don't want anyone to see. I can feel the pain vanishing in an instant, replaced by an aftermath of searing sensation. With ragged breaths, my eyes slowly find their way to Flandre's, at that moment, I felt both scared and guilty at the same time.

I felt like I've forced her into doing something that she doesn't want to do. Man, I felt terrible…

"Do you believe me now Onii-san?"

"Hah… Hah… Yeah, sure." There's nothing much I could say. Oh wait. "And um… I'm sorry." I thought that she did not get what I meant, but I was proven wrong by her actions.

"Hehehe." She giggled. She smiled at me, sincerely. "You're forgiven Onii-san."

I blushed lightly. God, this is too embarrassing. I scratched my cheeks, on an attempt to hide my embarrassment. But it failed, seeing that the vampire is laughing harder. She then suddenly grabs my arm, catching my attention. "Then, as forgiveness… can I ask for one thing?"

"What is it?" I ask, feeling slightly curious.

"Can you please…"

"No, no. You do it like this, you need to hold on the knife properly or else you'll get the wrong angle."

"Mu… it's so hard!"

"Patience kid, you won't get good results if you keep acting like that."

Cooking. Something simple, yet is highly praised by all. There's no surprise for a girl to cook, but for a vampire to cook… that's something that I don't find out every day. I don't consider myself good at cooking, I cook only what I know and what I'll eat. Then again, I'm not a picky eater, so I'll eat just about anything edible and healthy.

Currently, I'm teaching the vampire to cook a simple dish, but before that, she needs to know on how to cut the food properly. With a knife in hand, she is chopping off some leeks, which I have in my fridge. We'll need to prepare lunch anyway, since it's about one o'clock already. Today's lunch is going to be some fried salmon and miso soup, I'm just letting Flandre do the simplest of things.

"Here let me show you." I grab the knife from her hand, taking it and holding it properly. I show her on how I chop the leek, of course, the results are smoother and neater than what Flandre did before. "See, you must do it slowly. Or else it'll be bad and all squished up like that." I pointed towards Flandre's results.

"Anyway, now's to cook the salmon. First, grab the frying pan." I instruct her. It's amusing for me that I'm giving out simple orders to a vampire who follows as what I was instructing her to do. "Second, you turn on the stove and place the pan on the stove." I did just that while Flandre watches. "Third, apply some oil onto the frying pan. But remember, not too much." I grab my chopsticks and use it to grab a thin sheet of oil paper to which I soaked it into cooking oil. Then I smear the oil soaked paper into the pan, a neat and efficient way of using a minimal amount of oil when cooking. I could do this with a cooking brush but I'm too lazy to find it.

"After you done all that, just place the thing that you're going to cook into the frying pan. Here, you try it." I let her have my place. Flandre's eyes gleamed in excitement. She then uses a pair of clippers to grab the two pieces of salmon meat, she then placed them into the frying pan, emitting sizzling sound. She gave me a look that says 'I did it', to which I reply with a thumbs up.

"From here, you need to make sure that the entire surface is cooked. To do that, you need to flip the fish gently, and be careful on not to get burnt." I said out from a distance, choosing to observe. The vampire then uses the clippers to flip the fish. She gave me a similar reaction, to which I reply with the same action.

After a moment of cooking the fish, I'm readying the table. I have the bowls and dishes out already, all that's left are the cups. I grab them from a cupboard, bringing them outside and placed them on the table top. I returned to the kitchen to see Flandre still cooking the fish, cooking salmon isn't that very long since it's fine whether you eat it raw or not. But cooking it gives you a better gradient of cooked and raw sensation.

The fish is finally done, now it's my time to cook. As another side dish, I'm planning to make some stirred vegetables. But Flandre hates it. I remember her not eating her portion a few days ago, she only ate her meat and rice. Meh, I'll just make it. I grabbed the other necessary ingredients from the fridge. Pulling out the chopping board, I began chopping vegetables as it if is my job.

"Wow, you're good with a knife Onii-san." I hear Flandre comments from the sidelines.

"Everyone who's done some cooking is at least this good when it comes to cutting." I said, not pausing from my task. "And please wait outside, I'm going to cook and there's going to be some smoke. You don't want to get your clothes dirty, right?"

"Yes!" with an affirmation from her, the little vampire strides off to the living room, watching the TV. I shook my head, she looks like a kid and she acts like a kid. But something tells me that she is older than she lets off… well, no use in worrying now. As I make quick work of the vegetable dish, I can hear that the TV is switched on to the children's channel, it's a show where they show that magical girls and stuff. While I do watch some animes or read some mangas, I am not so familiar with it when it comes to a specific topic.

I switched off the stove, when I finished cooking. I have my vegetables on the plate ready, now all that's left is to serve it. I exit the kitchen, placing the dish on the dining table. "Flandre, time for lunch." I called for the girl who is still focused on the magical girl show. She stands and approaches the table, taking a seat on one of the vacant chairs. I served her a bowl of rice, the salmon and a small plate of vegetables much to her displeasure.

I noticed the displeased expression on her face. "Hey, if you won't eat your vegetables you won't grow you know."… I'm totally bluffing, since I know nothing about vampires aside from the stereotypical things. But to my surprise, the girl complies by hesitatingly picking on the vegetables. I muttered a small prayer, before opening my eyes again. I began to eat while the TV is still on.

In the middle of our meal, the show that was airing switched, which means one thing.

"We interrupt this program to bring you…" ha, a breaking news. It seems that its sudden appearance caused Flandre to focus her attention on it. I can see that she's also annoyed that her show is interrupted. But I can also tell that the news is important. "The number of disappearance of people has been increasing for over more than a hundred. Police are still trying to figure out the matter at hand, but it seems that they are not able to link this case to any…"

As the news progresses, I find myself focusing on it. They aired this news a couple of weeks ago, before Flandre came. At first, the number of people that disappeared is minimal, but I did not know that it would be this worst. This is worrying for me, yet I'm relieved to know that Flandre isn't one of those people, since she came from another world. Yeah, no matter how many times I hear that, it still won't get into me.

Speaking of which, I'm also quite surprise to hear that vast numbers of people are disappearing. It seems that there were only about three to four people missing, now it's over than a hundred… wow. What could cause this kind of thing? Whatever it is, it's going to be a hot topic in the campus tomorrow. I better stay out of the main hallway if I don't want to be bothered by loud noises.

"Ne Onii-san?"

I paused my eating, noticing that Flandre had call for me. "Yes, what is it?"

"That's the news, right?" she pointed at the TV with her little fingers.

"Yeah, yes it is. What's the matter?"

"Nothing, just asking." Was all she said before resuming eating.
