I stop eating for a couple of second, noticing that something is wrong. No matter how one would look at it, something's suspicious. Maybe it's just me. Maybe it isn't. But nah, there's a lot of time to worry about that later. After lunch, I'll be heading out to do some grocery shopping, which means leaving Flandre in the house. That thought alone worries me for some reason, I quickly finished my lunch, standing up.

"When you're done eating, put the dishes on the sink, I'll clean them up later." Hearing my words, she nodded. I smiled. I walked towards the veranda, taking a smoke. It's probably bad manners to smoke in front of children, but I'm not sure with vampire children. Inhaling the smoke, I exhale it again. This process repeats itself for a while, with my eyes dozed off towards the distant clouds.

My state of awareness is low, meaning that I'm not updated on most things around me. In other words, I'm somehow ignorant. I can't tell what's on trend or what's not. That's why I frequently read the papers and surf the web through my phone, and there's the TV if I need an even more direct source. But all this talk about missing people? Shit just got real I say…

The sliding door behind me opened, showing Flandre. "Onii-san, I thought that you want to talk to me?"

She found out without me asking… who's the kid here actually? Anyway, I might just get this over with quick. I discard my cigarette, pressing it to the wall's surface, killing the flames. I threw it on the floor, which I'll definitely throw later. "Let's talk on the living room Flandre." She nodded, and we both walked back inside.

Inside, I could already feel the atmosphere tensing. I was the one who's going to talk to her, so it's important if I don't screw this up. Taking a deep breath, I steady myself. "Okay Flandre, tell me. If you can return, like, at any time right now, will you do it?"

"No."

Wow, well that was sudden. It surprises me greatly, so great that I did not realize that my mouth is hanging open. Snapping myself back to reality, I ask. "Why?"

"Well… before Onee-sama sent me here, she told me that I must control my powers somehow… but I'm not sure if I can do that here." She started. "The people here are humans, they'll break even if I just play with them for a little bit." She said. "When I came here, most of my powers are sealed, but I don't remember Onee-sama or Patche sealing it before Onee-sama sent me here…" she frowned, finishing her explanation.

"Hm… I think that I have little idea of what you just said. Here's my take on it: So basically, your sister sent you here so that you could control your powers," I got a nod from her. "But when arriving here, you found out that you are almost as powerless as a rat," another nod. "But the weird thing is that you can't remember if your sister and whoever this Patche person is sealed your powers before they sent you here, is that right?"

"Onee-sama was the one who sent me here… Patche was probably just following orders from her." the girl said honestly.

I waved it off rudely. "Sure. And now another question from me." I'm serious on this one. "Why don't you want to return back to your home?"

… I probably should've tried a softer approach. Flandre is instantly silent, my eyes softened. "Look Flandre, it's not that I don't want you to stay here or anything but, I think that it's best if you were to… return… home. My landlord will definitely know that I'm living with someone here, something that isn't allowed here." I try reasoning with her.

Flandre didn't answer, she is quiet, head bowed down. But then, she speaks. "How…" she looked up, eyes mad with tears dripping down from them. "Then how am I supposed to return?! I'm weak right now, I don't even have enough energy to fly, I can't even do some low rank magic spells. How do you think that I'll be able to return home?"

Her enraged state made me regret what I was saying. One thing that I don't want is to make a vampire angry. I raised my hands to my defense, even if I'm nervous. "Look here Flan, I…" I can't find a reason. "I don't know okay?" I threw out my hands in the air, raising my voice a little bit. It shocked her more than it shocked me. I've never felt so angry in my life, this is probably the first time. I released a deep breath.

"Let me say this again… I don't know anything about magic, but don't you like… regenerate your magic by time? I mean, it works that way right?" I asked, curious.

"It's not that simple Onii-san… the moment I entered this place, I'm as helpless as a little girl." She spat out in annoyance. "If I have my full strength, then do you think that I'll let myself be ra- harassed like that time?"

That got me quiet. "…Y-yeah… guess you're right."

Flandre quieted down, seemingly to realize that she had blown off her temper. "Sorry about that Onii-san…"

"No, it's my fault." This isn't getting anywhere. I steeled myself, regardless of the outcome. "Then is there any way, any way so that you will get your powers back?" I may not be a vampire, but if I were to have my powers gone like that, I'll do anything and everything I can to get it back.

"W-Well… there is, but… it's dangerous for the volunteer." She started mumbling, face slightly red.

"Dangerous? Volunteer?" I stated off my confusion.

She take in a deep breath of air, ready to explain. "There're only few ways for me to get my strength back. One involved, as a vampire, absorbing someone's life force through their blood. I had your blood before, but it's barely sufficient. In order for me to even replenish a quarter of my strength, I'll need a few packs of blood… and it will definitely be dangerous for you to provide me with the necessary amount. The other would mainly involve… mumble mumble…"

"Eh, what is it?" I leaned in closer.

"It involves mumble mumble…"

"What?"

"It involves se-se-se-se that, okay!" Flandre screamed out to me, lashing with a huge blush on her face. She hides her face by covering it with her arms.

I am not stupid, most of the times at least. And this, is definitely one of the most times when I'm not. Let it be known that I blame authors who have influenced me with false knowledge on vampires, well I really can't blame them since they probably haven't met the real deal, things like twilight, Dracula… I believed them to be real, but after hearing things from a real vampire? Those are nothing more than a fanfiction to me.

So basically, the case here is in order for Flandre to be in her fullest condition and power or whatever, she needs to do some hanky panky behind the covers. Why am I surprised? Because I thought that there's a monster with that kind of characteristics already.

"Aren't those kinds of stuffs what a succubus would do…?" succubus, if you don't know it, search it. Kids these days have no problem with that.

"I-It's not exactly like that. Succubi, plural, are beings that are similar to… devils, which makes them related to vampires in a way. But they are not vampires. Patche told me that in order for a succubus to keep on living, they need to drink sem-sem-sem…"

"Okay, okay, I got it. Move on." She looked so troubled that I felt pitiful for her.

"Yeah. So that part makes them similar to us vampires. Patche also told me that when a succubus sleeps or is doing… that… with a partner, they are actually absorbing whatever life force that the victims have left. That's why most people who had bedded with a succubus did not make it until morning." She paused, letting the information sink to my brain. "But of course, vampires are also able to do this kind of method. Drinking blood is easier than luring someone to bed, is what Patche told me when I asked."

Flandre ends her explanation, and I understood little of what she just said. But what I know for sure is that in order for her to return to full strength, she must either at least perform birds and bees with me or drain me dry of my blood which involves a slow and one hundred percent painful, if not death guaranteed, process.

God it's all messed up… all of this was supposed to be a simple question, then it escalated to this. So much for becoming a politician. Anyway, this conversation has not gotten off topic, yet it's borderline uncomfortable… no, this is already uncomfortable. "I see… then, what do you want to do now?"

…

Not an answer from her. I waited, waited for her to speak. But all I got for my answer is the opening of my door.

SLAM

"Who is… EEEEH?!"

Both my eyes and Flandre's are focused on the doorway, and right outside of said doorway, is a person. It would be normal if said person is standing and all, but this one? She isn't even conscious, much or less standing. She fell in thump to the floor, face first. It was so sudden but I'm sure that she must have fallen to the door and knocked it open from the force. My eyes are too surprised to notice Flandre's earlier outburst, I slowly moved my head to see the vampire's reaction.

"Sakuya!"

Wait, 'Sakuya'? Wait, she knows this woman?

A/N: Huzzah! Man, been a while here… I haven't posted anything ever since my newest story, since I was busy with school and real life. This chapter is longer by two or three thousand words than the previous ones. I was planning to have a major timeskip here but I decided that it will nonsensical if I were to do that without improving the protagonist's relationship with Flandre.

A lot of you might notice Flandre's change in personality but in truth, she's not changing her personality. The little part when the two go shopping was to show that Flandre is playing as the protagonist's niece, Flandre isn't dumb enough to not notice the awkwardness of the situation.

As for the part where they did the explanation, most of it comes naturally. Natural as in Spartan style, it kicked down the door of my brain. I hope that my explanation is clear, nothing that confuses you or anything. As a fanfiction type story, readers are required to expect certain things from the story. In this case, about monsters or Youkais.

And at that last part, the mysterious person is making herself known?! Or… is she? Mwahahaha! Anyway, this is the third chapter for this series, and it's no stranger that this series will be a short one. But please do know that I'm trying my best to make this a whole lot different than your most self-insert Touhou stories out there. Reading about teenagers having the ability to negate power is so boring nowadays…

Well, as a closing statement, please review and show your love by either doing all the necessary things here on . Have a nice night/day!
