

"This is the place…?" I half asked half whistled.

The rich son of a Yakuza Lord hummed in affirmative. "Yup, this is what a party is like…"

As a person who has no friends at all in Japan, I have to thank Jun for bringing me to this place. I have to admit, it's amazing. Basically, what I'm seeing here, is literally the lifestyle that only rich people could have. Let's see… imported European cars, checked. Fancy dresses and private escorts, checked. Helluva party atmosphere, checked. I have never seen this side of Japan before, it's like stepping into Vegas for me.

And what's even more outrageous is that they are not just in a single building. They have the entire district all to themselves. While my mind is busy taking in the awe-full sight before me, Jun tapped me right at the back of my shoulders to get my attention. I looked back preparing to speak, but he slipped something inside my coat pocket.

"Here. Carry some money with you, enjoy the party too." He gave me a wink before reaching for his pockets once more. My eyes went wide at the sight of what he just pulled out.

"Oh hell no man, I told you I ain't going to-"

"Shh shh…" Jun shushed me loudly, his expression growing sour, as if he doesn't want it to be like this either. "Man, you'll need it. These people here, even though we aren't having some 'shady Yakuza shit', are still dangerous. You need to watch out for yourself." He told me.

But I still resist. "But Jun I thought it's only us teenagers? Not Yakuzas?"

"But nothing man." He spoke out. The way he spoke shocked me. Jun never strikes me as the guy who could get seriously angry in all situations. "Look here, I know I brought you here for some fucked up reason. And yeah, I know I kind'a lied. But listen here man, I'm going to make it worth your while." He pressed the item of my despair closer to my chest. "You'll fucking need it. If things go to shit, then this fucking thing will save your life."

I gulped, making him think I got the point.

"Now, I wasn't exactly lying when I said that we are not going to some shady Yakuza shit." He's actually grumbling. "But thing is man, these other people man, they're from a rival family." My eyes widen in realization. "Shit might get wrong, and that's the only reason why I'm giving you this gun. When shit gets real, shit gets messy." He concluded, getting out of breath.

I swallowed whatever air that I have left in my throat. I've brought this along myself, so I can't turn back now. And besides, if things went along smoothly, I am getting out from here with a suite and a pay. I nodded firmly, grabbing the gun from Jun's hand. "Fine jack ass. But if things went to shit, you'll be having either your family members killed or your rivals'." I got out from the car, not wanting to hear another word from Jun.

"Wait! Shit, wait man!" Jun came rushing for me, his voice concerned. "Don't say that… that's not cool. Listen, if things do get messy, and if you're really have to do whatever it is that you're going to do, don't shoot the people in red. They're my family man." His voice is almost begging. He deserved to beg. After all, it's him who got me into this soon to be probably mess.

I, still walking, cursed mutedly. "Fuck. Fine. Dammit." I sighed, relaxing my mind. I can't think straight like this. "Fine, but you owe me another favor." I glared at him right into his eyes, making him get that I'm not joking around. The son of a Yakuza Lord or not, I am not going to take shit like this from people.

"Yeah, that's cool…"

I am seriously in deep shit. I am actually at lost on what I'm supposed to do. I drive the lazy ass here, and now I'm left with a party to enjoy. My feet took me further into the mini-parade of rich and wine. I eventually stop walking after reaching one of the popular bar. If this is a party, I might as well enjoy it. Still, I need to be careful.

I make my way to the bar's front entrance, ignoring the long line that people are in to wait for entry. I was about to enter the door, but the doorman didn't take it too kindly. "VIP?" he asked me, I don't have to look at his face to know that he's an American. The guy's tall, African American, one of the types of people I don't want to mess with and he speaks perfect English completely with the accent. What is an American doing here? Well whatever, not in the mood to speak.

"What?" I asked in the same language he's using, pretending to not get what he said.

He seemed to have become more intimidating than before. "Your entrance pass, sir."

I kept my mouth shut. I remember Jun placing something inside my pocket. I soon reached inside said pocket, taking whatever it is that the jack ass placed in there. There's a wallet with plenty of cash – if two million isn't plenty then I don't know what is. And an… emblem? I showed the emblem to the doorman, hoping that something will happen. He took the emblem, and his body signature, expression and even tone changed.

"What are you doing here. You're supposed to be in the VVIP section ten minutes ago," he moved out of the way, opening the door. "Come on in."

I stepped into the building. As soon as my feet stepped into the building, I could already feel that I'm going to get shit faced drunk. Let's just hope that I won't or else I'll be breaking my promise to Sakuya-san. Regardless, I'm still for my main purpose, and that's to:

Drink.

So here I am, enjoying my first experience of entering a bar. I was not against the idea of entering a bar, but previously thinking, I wasn't really into places like these much. I sipped my glass of wine, I'm having red along with some fresh, American tobacco. My vision, despite seeing how much I've been drinking, is still clear.

My auditory senses are still functioning too. I looked around, seeing nothing but people. Everyone is either talking, drinking, or making out in dark corners. … damn, I should have brought Sakuya-san along with me. To enjoy the drink, of course. I took a full swig of tobacco, feeling the far stronger sensation in my lungs. Man, these things are great.

When I was about to reach for my glass, I felt someone seating on the empty space beside me. My eyes, thought uninterested, still stared at the person who is not sitting next to me. Long hair, check. Pale skin, check. A Yamato Nadeshiko indeed… appearance wise at least. She's trying to do what any other girls would normally do in a bar, to get a free drink. The way she's crossing her legs while wearing that dangerously short cut dress just proves how right I was.

Of course, being the only guy available next to her, she came to me. It started teasing, almost as if I'm annoyed. Well I am annoyed, seeing that I really, really want to have a time for myself tonight. "Hey handsome, what are you smoking?"

I raised an eyebrow. What a simple and direct approach… "Cigar." I said, lamely.

"Hooh? Then…" do you think that I'll fall for you if you licked your lips? Well know this woman, this man is taken. TAKEN. "You don't mind if I… have some free samples of your… cigar, do you?" she gave me the finishing blow. I must admit, that was pretty well executed. Still, I'm a taken man.

"Sorry sweetheart, not in the mood right now." I grabbed an empty wine glass from a walking waiter who is carrying a tray filled them. "But I can get you some drink, what do you say?" I poured the glass with wine, offering it to her when I'm done pouring.

She was silent. What, was I that lame? Then she laughs. So I was lame and funny huh? What am I, a clown? She laughs harder when seeing the look I'm making. Now I would be lying if I say that I'm not annoyed right now. Soon, she eventually stopped laughing. "You're different." She told me, while reaching for the glass that I served her earlier. She drinks from it, licking her lips to wash away whatever leftover she had on them.

"Of course I am. I am not even Japanese." I shrugged my shoulders, speaking casually.

She laughs again. God, I swear… maybe buying suspenders would be worth it now. I looked at her funny, placing my glass on the table top, I asked, "What?"

"Nothing, you're different." I noticed the gleam in her eyes. The way she shifts her thighs and the purposely done exposure of her collar bone… I noticed it all.

Hmm…? Two can play that game. But unfortunately for you sweetheart, I ain't playing. I stood from my place, acting refreshed. "Whoo… all that drinking sure got me fizzed up." I said out loud. It's not like people will get disturbed anyway. This is a bar for God's sake… I turn to leave, but a voice leaves me hanging.

"Wait."

I turn back, waiting for her to speak. She finally speaks. "Can we… meet again?" I heard her ask despite the noisy atmosphere that this place is making. I gazed at her eyes, realizing that they have lost their previous gleam. They look… exposed, almost as if she's been hiding who she was to people all this time. Still, the lady asked me a question.

And I better answer.

"Maybe yes, or maybe not." I left the place. Just like that. I went straight for the back door. Spent two hours inside and man was it enjoyable. I am walking towards the south exit, something like a backdoor where they sent the drunks home. I'm not exiting from the main door because it's crowded, things will get a little bit too annoying for me if there're too many people inside.

My way to the back door was surprisingly quiet. I thought that they'll have more drunks here than I thought they would. Looks like I misjudged the Yakuza this whole entire time.

"And stay out!"

…Or not. Well. People are still people. They got drunk everywhere anywhere.

As I went deeper, walking my way out from the bar, I noticed something fishy. First, this is the main district. It's crowded, but only by a single party. Jun told me not to shoot the red coats in case if something went wrong. And I think that I must really, really put that to mind. All around me, these men, are Yakuza. Yup, definitely. I could hear their conversation, talking about women, clubs, enterprises and loans… yup, Yakuzas alright.

My hands twitched for obvious reasons. Aren't things supposed to be friendly tonight? Then why are there only Jun's family around…

As if to resume my thoughts, the lights that decorates and lights the place up instantly went off. Everyone panicked. I could hear women screaming, people are panicking, some are even considering on pulling their weapons out. I crouched down, not wanting to get myself deeper into this sinking, miserable feeling I'm having. But my hand, they reached for the gun that I have inside my coat pocket.

I need to contact Jun.

"Jun, hello, you there buddy?"

"Shit! Fuck!" Oh no, gunshots. The worst thing is, I did not hear that from the phone. "Man, you gotta get out of there. I mean it! Shit is getting real!" I could sense the distress and urge of Jun's voice. My fists balled themselves, my teeth biting my lips. "Get out from there man. Shit…"

"No, damn it Jun! I did say that I'll bail right away, but not without you." I pulled out my gun, because this is the only choice I had. "Now you tell me where you are sitting your rich little ass over, I'm coming there to get you." I run, straight towards where I heard the gun shots. They're growing even louder, which means bad news for me. Fuck, I have no knowledge on using a gun.

"Thanks man. I'm in the central, the fountain, where we split off?" I nodded while uttering affirmative. "I'm in hiding, I'm inside one of the cars. A red… Porsche, you can't miss it-" More gunshots, and they seem to be near to Jun. "Fuck! Shit man hurry!" the line was closed. I put back my phone inside my pocket, while my other hand is busy on cocking the gun that I have with me.

"Okay Rei… you're going into some deep shit tonight…" I muttered to myself.

I head straight, immediately, for the alley. They're crowded, since people are panicking. They're evacuating, and I don't know where they're going but I'm pretty sure it's not prison. I managed to make my way out the alleyway.

"Fire! Don't let them get to the boss!"

"Shit!"

"Gah!"

I'm about to enter a freaking crossfire! I bit my lower lip. Need to think… think Rei… think… my eyes caught sight of a ladder. Perfect. I began to reach for the ladder, and thankfully, I managed to reach it. I climbed up. The rooftops are much safer than the stree-

"Waaaah!"

"Shi-!"

Or not. I paused mid climbing. I can't believe that they're shooting even on the rooftops. What now… need to think. Yeah! I peeked up from my cover, trying to figure out whose men is it that killed the people here. Shit… they're wearing green, not red. Damn, and here I hope I don't have to get into trouble. I pulled my weight, launching myself to the roof. I crouched, not wanting to be seen. If I'm seen I'm dead, and no dinner with Sakuya-san tonight.

Finding a place for cover, I settled for an air vent. It's large enough to cover me, but I know that it won't stop those men from getting here. I heard footsteps, shit, they're getting close. I need to make a distraction… but what… I felt something hard near my legs. It's a brick. I grabbed the brick with my free hand. I peeked out, finding a place where I would aim my throw. I saw an empty and darker place of the roof, I could throw that far.

I aimed, and throw the brick as far and hard as I can. I crossed my fingers, hoping that my plan would work.

"Hey, what's that…?"

"Don't know, better check it out. You wait here."

"Alright."

Shit… but at least I managed to get one of the fella away. I move silently towards another cover, doing so unskillfully. Unfortunately, I'm not used to situations like these in my life. So I pray that this won't be bite me in the ass. I managed to get closer to the man who stayed back, and as expected, he's not moving anywhere. I looked at my gun. My hands tremble.

I need to escape. But the only way is to… shoot the man. Will I do this…?

My mind went to a pause at that moment. For me, time itself was stopped. I started thinking. Thinking what would I be if I shoot this person. I began thinking if he has a family or not, I began thinking about what will happen if the police finds out. I need to do something…

My heart is beating like crazy…

I'm sorry man.

I pulled away from my cover, aiming as best as I can. I aim for the man's chest, trying to avoid on giving him instant death by shooting him in the face. I fired the first shot.

I heard bells.