

Ding.

The sound of bell is like my own personal alarm. My head turned, twisting over and directing my view towards the kitchen. I walked over to the kitchen, ready to serve my first customer as a waiter. The master who does all the cooking is carrying a tray filled with what a customer had just ordered, he gave me a smile, looks like he knows that it's my first day here.

"Here you go, just make sure that you give the lady a nice smile okay?" he is referring to the person who orders the food that I'll serve, and said person happened to be a woman. I glanced sideways, and I caught sight of a woman with long black hair sitting near the window. It seems that she's in a bad mood… the way she's perching her chin on her hand like that. What's even stunning is that the master knew it without even analyzing further; adults sure are awesome aren't they?

"Hm, okay." I said, agreeing with the master's suggestion. Well, I'll just think of it as doing my job as a waiter here. I know that I don'e get paid on trying to cheer up every customer that I serve, but if I can do both at the same time, why not? I carefully grab the tray, seeing that I'm used to carrying things, I have little to no difficulty in carrying a tray.

I looked at the woman who ordered the food one last time before heading there. Working as a waiter takes a lot of focus, precision, timing and also attitude. I must focus so that I don't crash to the others who are working here with me, if I were to crash then it'll ruin my rep amongst my co-workers. Precision is also key, you need to know when or what to recommend orders. This can easily be done by observing at the customer's facial expression when he or she is browsing the menu. Timing is mostly for the one who's working in the kitchen, seeing that they need to cook at a minimal time while making the food edible and well done at the same time. Of course, you can't please a customer when you have a bad attitude, that's at least common.

For about forty seconds, I'm already halfway towards the woman who orders the food that I'm carrying. But it looks like that my navigation skills needs work, I can't exactly maneuver my way as smoothly as the other waiters and waitresses who have worked here longer than me. That's to be expected, I'm new after all. This place is also interesting you see, unlike a normal café where the only stick only to one uniform, this place has two.

The one that I'm wearing right now is the formal uniform. I won't go into details but it is formal, collared shirt, black vest, neck tie, black formal shoes… it's like me working as a butler in a party. But hey, it's not like I'm complaining. I haven't seen the male's version of the informal uniform, but I have seen the women's though. The waitress that offered or suggested me the position of being a waiter was wearing one yesterday, I have to admit that they do indeed suit most of the waitresses here.

Reaching the table, I stepped forward with my right foot, bending my back so that I can place the dish and glass carefully. The woman orders a slice of chocolate cake, black forest judging from the aroma of bittersweet chocolate. As for her drink, she ordered a cold glass of sweetened tea. Acting my duty, I said, "Here you go miss, would you like to order anything else?" of course, I don't forget what the master said to me. I gave her a smile, small albeit honest.

As if to pull up a façade, her expression changed immediately when talking to me. Her bored, sullen expression did a ninety degree turn. Her lips stretched to a smile, even larger and wider than mine. To an untrained person like me, I could be easily fooled if I hadn't been observing her first. She just pulled off a perfect smile just after she was showing a really sour expression.

"No thanks, this is all that I'll have." She said to me politely, her smile not disappearing. Her eyes have seemingly brightened, lifted from the sourness and boredom that they previously hold. Her hands subtly reach away from mine, from this course of reflex, I could already tell that she doesn't want to talk or make a conversation with me.

"Okay, please call me or the other waiters around in case if you want to make another order."

"Okay."

The rest of the hour went along with me doing my job, serving food to customers and since that this is my first time working here, I don't have breaks at all. Today is Sunday, a holiday for university students like me as well as other people. I'm slowly getting the hang of what I'm supposed to do, seeing that I'm only doing repetitive things. Now this bothers me a lot, and by a lot I mean a lot. Sure, it's easy but I'm the type of person who, once bored, will get lazy when he's tasked to do things that he's always doing.

I hope that I'll be manning the register soon, if not, I'm taking my butt straight to the kitchen. I'll even do the dishes if needed. My shift started at about eight in the morning, I left Flandre and Sakuya at home saying that I'll return home late, probably even later than what I expected since I'll need to buy some groceries. But I did leave them with breakfast, Sakuya insisted on making them but I managed to convince her that there's no need for her to do so.

Time passed and now it's one thirty, it went quicker than what I expected and I had my short break since the master said that it's fine to have one. The café doesn't have a lot of workers, it's just the master, three other waiters and me as a newbie. I'm in the break room, which is also the planning room since there's this whiteboard with markers and stuffs. The café's bigger than what I expected, the break room is large and spacious, not to mention that the office is just right next to this room.

I have about twenty minutes break, which is good since I haven't had one since this morning. So here I am, enjoying a cup of tea all by myself with no one else in the room. My standard type of peace and quiet. "Haah…" I released small yet long sigh to express how relaxed I am. I don't know when my shift will end, but at least that I'm given a break to ease my mind out of all the things that has transpired around me.

Flandre… Sakuya-san… vampires… Gensokyo… if I hadn't been experiencing weird things, such as seeing Flandre having vampiric traits and the fact that she and Sakuya-san both came from another world, I won't believe a word about the supernatural. I've been a skeptic regarding things like vampires and such, but I know that evil or demons exist, it's due to my deep background of being raised in a religious household. I have a rosary in my apartment, but I just can't quite remember on where I placed it… oh well, no use in thinking now.

Looking at my phone, I notice that my break will be over in three minutes. I quickly finished my tea, placing the cup on the table. I grab my napkin and tucked it in my pants, so that I won't have to carry them while bringing food over at the same time. I stand up from my seat, and began stretching my arms and back. I'll have to resume work and since this is my first day at work, I'll have to show that I'm efficient enough. The other reason why I decided to work here is that, newly hired employees will receive their pay at the start of their first shift and since this is my first one, I'll get my pay after I'm done with my shift.

Man, the thought of getting paid and don't have to rely on mom and dad sending me money is satisfying, not to mention that I'll need all the money I have to support the two… roommates that are currently living with me. Now one might think, if they were to know my situation, why am I generous or kind enough to let strangers, not to mention the types who lives in another world, live in my house or apartment?

Well, let's just say that I know what it feels like to be in their shoes. My first time coming to Japan wasn't easy, their real estates in Japan is way different from the country where I came from. I had actually planned on living in a boarding house, along with some other people who are going to the same university as me, but the thought did not work out. The place was… 'unfortunately full', as what I would like to quote the landlady owning the place, and that leaves me with only the choice of staying in an apartment.

But I was homeless, I had nowhere to go. Contacting my parents wasn't as easy as one would think, because first, my cell top ups are low and I only brought little money with me at that time. So buying top ups was hard. And second, Japan has a rule of not speaking too loud in public. Sure, the city might be chatty but you don't see a foreigner walking across the road with his phone next to his ear, that's just silly. Needless to say, the first few days was… rough.

But help came in the form of an elderly couple. I was hanging off the alleyway of a convenience store, eating onigiri if I remembered correctly. At that time, I was still in dilemma on where would I stay, I thought that it's better to just stay in the alleyways other than to waste money on trying to get to places where they rent a room for housing. So anyway, at that moment, an elderly couple approached me, I figured that the might mistake me as a bad person but I remembered that I decided to keep quiet.

I remembered the old woman asking me how was I doing. Being polite, I replied in a same manner. The old man than came, offering me a place to stay. I was joyous, relieved and glad at the same time. I thanked them over, over and over again, saying that it means much to me. But it turns out that I was not going to live with them, they said that they own an apartment complex and that they would give me a room providing if I were to pay just like any other people living there. In short, they sort of just advertised their housing complex. That's no problem for me, it's still a miracle that I found a place to stay.

And that is how I got to where I am right now.

…

…

Yeah, I better start working now.

"Imouto-sama… are you sure that it is best to trust that man?"

Sakuya is a very loyal servant, her obedience and loyalty knows no bounds when it comes to me and my sister. Though she is mostly known to be with my sister, as in tending to her needs, she is also the one who is responsible when it comes to me. It may sound like as if I am a helpless little sister character, but I assure everyone who might think that way that I am not.

For once, I've grown. If I remember correctly, I'm already about five hundred years old. The last five years, ever since the Scarlet Devil incident, I have been learning, constantly wondering what lies outside the world that is my basement. I know that I was locked up for my own good, I know that my sister loves me and I know that I'm too dangerous for people.

That's why Onee-sama gave Sakuya her pocket watch, it was an old memento of our mother, it has the ability, when used, to manipulate time to the user's will. Of course, this won't last for forever. Speaking of the maid, aside from being loyal and honest, she is also a worrywart. I remember her warning me not to go wandering off in the basement, how silly is that?

I'm the one who's been locked in there for about five hundred years and I'm the one who fought both the shrine maiden and the witch in the basement. So I can't help but laugh at the thought. Regardless, I know that Sakuya cares, she is also strict when it comes to food.

"It's okay Sakuya… I know that I can trust Onii-san, because I know that he's different." I said with a firm voice. I trust Onii-san. I trust him more than I trust myself even. He's caring, nice and kind. He could've kicked me out when I revealed my status of being a vampire, but he didn't. And I know that he is a religious person, I can feel the presence of a rosary coming from inside the wardrobe.

"But he is still a man, surely you must have other thoughts about this." Aside from being a worrywart, Sakuya is also persistent.

"Even if he is like that, then where should we go? Sakuya, I don't even know how on earth did you managed to come here. So before we talk about Onii-sama, why don't you explain that to me first?" I said as strictly as I can. Just like what I expected, Sakuya cannot speak against an order.

She sighed in defeat. "Very well Imouto-sama…" she then proceeds to the conversation. "Before Patchouli-sama and Ojou-sama transported you to the outside world, we were caught by the Gap Youkai." My eyes instinctively widens when I heard the moniker. "She warned us that another action like that, be it for good or bad intention, we will be dealt with force. Ojou-sama was planning to send me in the next transport, but it won't work seeing that the Gap Youkai has found out. So instead, she asked the Gap Youkai to send me here through one of her many gaps to overlook on what you're doing." That's the end of her explanation.

…As I expected. Something like this is most likely the reason as to why Sakuya is sent here, to look after me. After a lot of thinking, I know that my sister is not a cruel woman. I know she loves me, she loves her family more than she loves herself. I know that very well. But, at first, I never thought that she would send Sakuya after me. I thought that she would probably send Meiling or even one of her many summons. The explanation relieved me greatly.

But Sakuya resumes. "The first few days, I attracted a lot of attention. But the Gap Youkai managed to supply me with basic knowledge of this place, the outside world about Japan the other countries out there. Though I only have basic knowledge, I managed to track you down. I saw you walking into this complex with a man and I assume that you have taken the guise of a girl to let him stay the night with you."

At that, I shouted in outrage. "You assumed what?!"

"Please don't be offended Imouto-sama, I did not assume such things!" Sakuya shouted to her defense. I calmed down, taking deep breath just like what Onii-san told me to whenever I'm anxious or stressed. "I came to a conclusion, and I remembered seeing that man earlier the day when I saw you with him walking towards this building. I thought that it was strange for a normal human to have small traces of magic in him, so I decided to investigate further. And that is how, I came to this place."

"Then why did you suddenly passed out right outside of the door?" I asked. "The doctor at the hospital said that you were possibly drunk, what were you doing?"

"I… I don't know. When I plan on knocking the door, I suddenly felt dizzy, my strength leaving the body. It's as if I just have half of my life force drained for me." I looked at Sakuya's eyes, and I can't find a single trace of lie in them. I knew that Sakuya is not the type to lie for such things, but I can't help to make sure.

"I see… but still, my opinion won't change. We don't have anywhere else to stay Sakuya, unless you know of a way to return back to Gensokyo." I paused and was no returned an answer. "I thought so…" I sighed, slumping down to the floor. my eyes gazed upwards, facing the near, white ceiling. I have never seen a ceiling this close, the ceiling at the basement is tall, I would need to fly to touch them.

"Hey Sakuya…?" my voice suddenly trailed out, unknowingly even to myself.

"Yes, Imouto-sama?"

"I… Will we ever be able to return home?" I asked a question that has been on my mind. While I am fine staying here with Onii-san, I am uncomfortable at the thought of being a helpless girl. I still have a portion of my powers, but it's only enough for me to do so much.

She is silent, unable to answer my question. But eventually, she answered. "We will return home… Ojou-sama will surely do something about this, there's no way that we won't be returning home sooner or later… I just hope that it will be soon, I left the mansion unattended and I can't trust Meiling to do the chores." She murmured the last part bitterly.

I smiled softly, knowing how much of a worrywart Sakuya is. In some aspects, Onii-san reminds me of Sakuya. He worries easily and is sometime serious. Perhaps it might be a coincidence. My eyes stare at the ceiling for what seems to be eternity, my head is all blank. If I can't get home right now… then I'll just stay here, there's nothing that Sakuya or I could do anyway.

My hand gripped down on the jacket that I'm using as a blanket, I gripped them tightly.

'Thank you Onii-san…'