
I had just finished my job. It was… eventful and fresh. I just felt as if I had taken a new step in life. My pocket's full of cash and I'm currently on my way to a supermarket to get some groceries. Walking the evening streets of Tokyo, I had a huge smile in my face. I know that I might be creeping out some of the people that went pass me but who cares, I just got paid.

There's this feeling of satisfaction inside of me, looks like getting paid will be one of my newest and most favorite thing starting from now on. People are looking at me, but I'll say again, I don't care. I stopped at the end of the curb, damned traffic light almost ruined my happy mood. While waiting, I took the liberty to check my phone. Whoa, it's three already? Damn, that's a pretty long time. I pocketed my phone back to my pocket, and crossing the road when it's clear.

After a lot of walking, I finally reached the supermarket, the same one that I always go to whenever I needed to buy groceries. Now this is what makes Japan and the States different, though I'm not from the states, I could say that people here does not stock up as often as the people at the states do. I have friends from the US, some might have forgotten who I am, but we're still chatting through email.

I entered the supermarket, where I immediately grab a shopping basket. I went straight for the meat section, thinking that I should at least cook something special for the occasion. Hmm… sukiyaki is good, why not go with that? I went through the other sections of the supermarket, searching whatever it is that I'm going to buy. From meat to vegetables, I shop as if I'm a professional housewife, constantly comparing from quantity and quality. Still, quantity wins. And when I'm done, I went to pay for all the things that I've bought.

"Thank you for purchasing, please come again!" the clerk thanked me as I was about to leave.

With a shopping bag filled with ingredients, I can expect a feast to be happening tonight. Well, it's just the three of us. Me, Flandre and Sakuya-san. I'm sure that they'll enjoy it. My feet began taking me towards the direction of my apartment, I looked up at the sky, still seeing the sun. The day is longer here, no wonder they call Japan as 'The Land of the Rising Sun'. Morning comes fast…

Finally done with all the walking, I've reached my apartment complex. I walked up the stairs, and proceeded towards my room. I know it's not locked, so I just open the door with one hand. "I'm home." I called out, making myself known. I walked forward and slip out of my shoes without difficulty.

"Welcome home." I blinked. I looked up, surprised to see that the one who greeted me isn't Flandre. It's Sakuya-san. She greeted me with her seemingly usual stoic demeanor; her silver eyes are truly something to be marveled at. Not wanting to be accused of staring, I brought up the shopping bags. "I take it that those are tonight's dinner?"

"Yup." I said, a little too happy.

"I see… what are we having tonight?" oh, she has got to be concerned about Flandre's diet. Seeing that the girl's a vampire and all…

"Nothing too fancy, just sukiyaki." I said while walking towards the kitchen. Sakuya-san follows me. I set up the bags on the counter, placing them while releasing a sigh.

"Sukiyaki…?"

How could I forgot… she's from another dimension like world-

"Do you need assistance in making it?"

…I'm surprised that she knows what it is. Well, no use in getting surprised any longer. "Yes thank you, could you help prepare the…"

So the cooking went on, it went smoother than I expected. The maid outfit isn't just for show it seems, and Flandre was right when she said that Sakuya-san knows her way with a knife. Her cutting and chopping skills are superb. Though she has difficulty when it comes to turning on the stove, which was easily taught by her host, me. I do most of the preparation, while Sakuya-san does the cooking. It was finally my turn to cook, while Sakuya-san prepares the table.

After food was finally done, we waste no time on eating the food. I had never thought that sukiyaki would be this good, Flandre seemed to be showing the same kind of feeling as I am right now. I know that Sakuya-san enjoys it, she just doesn't show it. The sukiyaki is delicious, the combination of beef, mushrooms and vegetable all in one, cooked in a soup styled dish is definitely something that all people would enjoy. I personally like food which has soup in it, because I could savor them longer. But hey, anything will do as long as they're edible.

Our early dinner is done, and an hour had passed from all the cooking and eating. I collected all the bowls and plates, as well as the eating utensils, to clean them in the sink. Sakuya-san approached me. "Let me help." She said kindly.

"Ah, there's no need. Let me do the dishes, you helped me with cooking before so there's no need for you to help me again." I said, not wanting to trouble her. I'd be a very bad host if I let my guest do the dishes, Sakuya-san had insisted that she did the cooking earlier. I'm fine with that, but to do the dishes too? Not so much. So after getting all the dishes, I brought them to the sink.

While I'm enjoying my time cleaning the dishes, Sakuya-san and Flandre are over by the TV. They're watching that magical girl thinginabob. I hummed a tune, being a good mood does that to me sometime. I washed the final dish, rinsing it off and drying it with a dry towel. I'm done, all that's left is to take a bath. But it's still early, it's four. I usually take baths at around five or six, so like any other man out there with nothing to do; I hit the veranda to smoke.

Sliding open the veranda door, I perched my head over my arms while I rest my body on the railing. I don't have a good view over here but it's still enough to calm my nerves down whenever I needed to smoke. I pulled out a stick of cigarette from my pants pocket, I grab my lighter from the other pocket and began to flick it so that it could produce flames. As the flames lit the tip of the cigar, I waste no time in taking a deep drag of smoke before releasing them.

As I smoke, I set my view on the sky above. The sky is now a beautiful orange and purple color. I could stare at the sky all day and night, if not for the fact that I'm usually busy with doing projects given to me from campus. Thankfully, I haven't been getting much of those lately. As I smoke, my phone rings. I placed my cigar on the railing, hoping that it would not fall while I'm talking with whoever it is that is calling me.

I take my phone out from my pocket and without seeing the caller's ID, I answer it. "Hello?"

"Hello honey, it's me your mother."

"Mom?"

"Yes, your mother. How are you doing on getting a job, did you get one yet?"

"Yeah, I got it yesterday. The job's fairly simple, a waiter at a café. It pays well and it's not too far from here."

"Ah, good, good. Your father should've sent you your monthly allowances by tomorrow. He's in Beijing and was in a tight schedule until tonight."

"It's fine." I paused, not knowing what to say. "Hey uh… mom, what are your thoughts on me bringing home someone?"

"Ooh? What's this? You're bringing home girls to your room already?"

"No! It's just and if, a huge if. If I were to bring someone, not necessarily a girl, what should I do? And I'm talking about the type of person who doesn't have a place to stay."

"Are you bringing home homeless people with you?"

"No- argh! Just answer it mom."

"Just kidding with you sweetie. Now, about bringing home this someone… are you really sure that her or she is really homeless?"

"Well, no… she has a family."

"I knew it! You are bringing a girl home!"

"…Dangit mom, please answer, and be serious."

"Hehehe. So, if she have a family, why not return her home?"

Now I'm not sure if I could answer that. "Uh… she has a difficult relationship with her family, it's a very personal matter and I don't really want to make her uncomfortable by asking her a lot of questions."

"Nonsense, a family is a family, son. No matter how difficult their situation is, they will always worry for each other's safety. For now, just let her stay with you. Talk to her whenever she wants to talk to you and comfort her whenever she needs it. Just don't take it too far~."

"Mom!"

"Sorry sweetie, you're just like your father. Getting embarrassed so quickly… I'll just hope that my grandchildren do not inherit that kind of trait."

"Urgh… thank you mom, good bye."

"Ufufufu. See you too honey."

I closed the phone, not wanting to hear my mother's teasing anymore. I sighed, before resuming my smoking a little later. Minutes passed, and now I'm done to one stick. I've decided that it's time to take a bath, meaning that I'll have to go to the public bath in order to bathe. Throwing off the rest of the remaining cigar to a trashcan, I went inside the apartment again to get my things for my bathe.

"Flandre, have you taken a bath?" I asked the girl who is intently watching the magical girl show.

"No, me and Sakuya were planning to go right after the show's finished. Whoa! Go Ruby-chan!" look at her, acting just like a small girl. It's cute. But it's looks like Flandre isn't the only one who's interested in the show. It's quite amusing, seeing a person as old, physically and maybe mentally too, as Sakuya-san to be interesting in this kind of trend. Maybe they don't have TV in this Gensokyo place.

"Okay then, I'll be going to the baths now. You remember the way to the baths right?" I asked while getting my things ready. My towels, dipper, and extra clothes.

"Yup." She answered, still glued to the screen.

"Okay, go with Sakuya-san when you're done watching the show. Don't take too long now." I said with my head peeking out of the door.
