
I was rather annoyed because I know what he is thinking right now, yet that's the least that I have to worry. What I have to worry is on how I'll explain all of this to this Sakuya person when she's conscious. I suppose that she'll listen to Flandre since she is her maid… but I need to think of something just in case, because I got a gut feeling that relying on Flandre alone won't be enough to guarantee the maid's cooperation in creating a huge bluff when she wakes up later.

The curtain opens again, revealing the nurse who was out to grab the thermometer earlier. She hands the apparatus to the doctor. "Here you go Kawaguchi-sensei."

"Thank you."

I watched as the doctor does what he does best, handling sick patients obviously. I don't know too much about things like these, usually when I'm sick, my mom was the one to worry and deal with this kind of thing, and not to mention, I got sick a lot of time. Most of them are usually colds and other normal diseases, nothing too serious. But there was also a time where I broke my arm, I guess that's as far as it goes.

But what I'm trying to point is that I can't, if things end up with Sakuya being well but still in an unfit condition, take-care of her properly. Hell I wasn't even doing much when I was sick, all I do was cook some porridge and take some cheap yet effective medicines. I'm not sure if that works for another person, so far, I know that I'm the one with that kind of… condition going on.

For another couple of minutes, the doctor is finally done doing his checkups on Sakuya with the help of the nurse. I can already see that it's nothing serious from the relaxed expression the doctor is making, that brought relief to me too. I feel a small hand gripping its small palm to my arm, I look down to see the concerned expression of Flandre.

I squeezed her hand softly, giving her a form of reassurance. I also managed to muster a small smile to reassure her further. I turned to the doctor to know what's happening to Sakuya. "So how is she doc? Is it something serious?" I know that it's not serious, but it won't hurt me to ask… not physically at least, but financially...? Can't say anything about that.

"Fortunately, no. She's just tired, probably due to work. Her fever is high, but nothing that a good amount of rest won't fix." The doctor said, relieving me greatly. "But she needs to take medicine though, just in case if she faints again. Don't let her drink any alcoholic beverages, it won't help."

I bit my lips at that last remark. "Wait, are saying that she was drunk before she fainted?" I ask in completely disbelief. I mean, should it be that obvious?

"Yes…? I assume that she is like this due slight fever, but it got worse after drinking some alcoholic beverages." The doctor looked at me questioningly. "Was I wrong on assuming that she consumed alcohol with you?" ah… a misunderstanding, something that I loathe ever since I know I could loathe.

"Uh… no. As I said before, she suddenly crashed to my apartment door and fainted."

"Hmm…" the doctor scratched his chin, thinking. "Then, she might have consumed some before she entered your residence. It's a good thing that she did not pass out somewhere else now is it?"

"Yeah…" I'm not exactly sure on what to say, I mean, I don't even know Sakuya-san well enough. It's just really nice to know that the doctor isn't suspecting something suspicious from me. I know he could, but maybe he's misunderstanding it with something else entirely. "Anyway, how long will it take for her to heal?"

"It depends. If she's having enough rest, drinks her medicine, she'll be okay in a few days." I heard the doctor's reply loud and clear. So it means that even if something did happen, Sakuya-san will not be able to do anything. "Just make sure that she has plenty of rest, you don't want be tired when like this."

"I see, thank you doctor." I bowed to express my gratitude.

An hour has passed and Sakuya-san still has not wake up from her unconscious state. Flandre and I wait in the waiting room, sitting on the chairs aligned on the wall. We're both anxious on hearing reply of Sakuya-san's awakening. Especially Flandre, since she's close to her. I gave the vampire a light squeeze on the shoulder, and she looked up to me with worried face.

Flandre wrapped her arms around my sides, her ear leaning on my ribs. I made an effort on patting the girl's head, but was suddenly surprised by the incoming footsteps of a doctor. I let myself go from Flandre's hug, standing up. Flandre joined me, realizing that news will be told. "How is she doc?" I ask immediately without wasting time.

"She's awake." That reply brought happiness to Flandre, I could easily tell. Me? I'm glad to know that Sakuya-san is awake. "But please, do please refrain from making too much noise, she isn't stable yet."

We follow the doctor, returning to Sakuya-san again. When we arrived, we are greeted by the sight of Sakuya-san, now awake but still hazy I think. Flandre runs straight up to the maid uniform wearing woman, I was surprised by the suddenness that I did not have the time to react. Entering the curtain, as I unveil it slowly, I can already feel a pair of grey eyes locked onto me the moment I step foot inside.

I froze. Every fiber of my being froze, it's like I was captured by her eyes. Her eyes are restricting my movements, almost forcibly. I can't muster the energy to speak. One might say that it's pure coincidence for my eyes to meet hers. But something tells me that it's not just coincidence.

I know it sounds cheesy but…

Maybe it's fate?

The room suddenly went uncomfortably silent, with only the sound of the hospital background keeping the mood from getting downright silence. "I'm afraid that I must go now." I turned to the doctor, suddenly hearing him said that crushes all hopes that I have from trying to make things to not go awkward. "Press the bell in case you need anything, the nurse will come in my stead." He gave us one final smile, before leaving.

If before was silence, this is like standing in an empty abyss with no… silence, even silence itself is redundant in this situation. Why is it redundant? Because I am currently in the presence of someone who is staring at me – no – it's more like someone who is reading me and my movements. I got this gut feeling that if I move, she'll do something to me. Needless to say, things got awkward eventually.

"Eh… nice meeting you?"

…damn you my non-existent social life…

"Thanks, here, a tip."

As I pay the taxi driver for the fee to return home, I can still feel a pair of eyes staring right at the back of my skull. Pursing my lips, I do my best in ignoring the drilling stare that is directed at me from the silver haired maid. On the way up to my apartment, all I can hear are the sounds of Flandre asking Sakuya-san questions. I can hear her voice, and I'm surprised to say that it's not something that I'd expected from her.

I expected her to have a… smoother voice, but it's not like my expectation matters. Reaching my door, I shuffled with my keys just like I always do. I find the right key and wasted no time in opening the door. I stepped sideways, letting the two females enter first. Even as she enters the door, she's still staring at me like that… damn, what did I do wrong to her?

I closed the door, it resounds with a small click. As I was about to turn around, I immediately feel a cold sensation, not to mention pricking, on my neck. I'm not dumb to not know that I have knife pointed at the back of my neck. I tensed, my body freeze, almost out of fear. I gulped down air, hard.

"Sakuya!" Flandre's cry caused the maid, who is currently pinning me with her knife mind you, to turn her head. Not wantinf to be in this kind of position any longer, I did what I thought I couldn't do. My body moved, no, it acted on its own will. Everything went so fast, almost in an instant.

I spun my body so fast that I actually managed to knock off the knife that is in the maid's hand, of course, such careless and sudden act does not go well. The tip of the knife scratched my right at the neck, and due to me turning, it caused a small cut around my neck. The pain is there, but nothing too serious. I forcibly grab the knife and throw it to the sidelines.

I got a hostile reaction from the maid. To my genuine surprise, I was faced with yet another knife, this time, I'm sure that I won't be able to pull off what I just did. So I just do what any normal, scared and defenseless person would do: close your eyes, and let it come hoping that it won't kill you.

"Stop it Sakuya!" was the last thing I heard before a loud, ringing and resounding squelch. I opened my eyes, slowly and dreading with fear. I regretted doing that.

"Flan!" I rushed, my feet moving on their own accord. I hugged Flandre's small frame from behind, pulling her closer to me. I look at her and saw the knife that is sticking out from her arm. My mind panicked, the sheer sight of blood coming out from the girl's arm caused panic to drive me inside and out. In other words, I can't think straight. I mean look at her, she's hurting definitely!

"God… Flandre, what should… Just take a deep breath and I'll-" fuck, I'm no use. If I were to do something, chances are of me making situation worse by the second. So I turned my attention to the other woman in the room. "Don't act all surprised like that! Look what've you done to her!" she dare act all shocked as if she wasn't expecting that? How dare this woman… as my rage boiled, my heart is hurting. Before I knew it, tears started to spill from my eyes. This is too much for me to handle.

"I-I'm fine Onii-san…" I watched her brushing off my worries, but I know that she's holding it the pain. For once, I saw her expression of restrain. She is trying to hold in the pain by giving me a smile. I did what I had to do, I take off my shirt, ripping it off so that I could have a makeshift bandage. The knife that was sticking out of Flandre's hand was removed earlier, and I immediately wrap the wound as neat as I can.

As expected, the amount of blood that is oozing or seeping out of the wound is in a great amount. The piece of cloth that I used to wrap over Flandre's hand is soaked in no time. I wiped my tear stained eyes, not wanting to be seen in such ways by the vampire. Speaking of being seen… I know someone who is watching the entire scene with open eyes.

"You… you're her maid aren't you?" just from speaking, I am putting all of my effort in refraining from shouting or lashing out like a drill sergeant in steroids. But I managed to maintain a straight eye contact, even though I know that I'm just a fish in a barrel in case if I were to do anything reckless like fight back or something else.

She seemed surprise from my statement. The slightest raise from her eyebrow could already tell me that she was not expecting such claims about her as much. Then her eyes return to their usual stoic form, the surprise gone. "I am." Her voice is still the same as before, emotionless. But I know that she's not doing this in purpose, she is trying to keep up appearance to a stranger like me. After all, she is in front of her… master/mistress, if I could refer both of their relationship as such.

"Then wh- you know what? It's nothing. I'll ask you later." I decided to dismiss what is it that I was going to ask. "Anyway, we need to talk. After I treat Flandre's arm." I pointed out that last statement. But I'm surprised that the maid is not feeling uneasy or something, knowing that she had just stabbed her mistress on the arm.

"There's no need. Imouto-sama is… a special case, she wo-"

Fortunately for her, I've done my homework. Directly from the source. "She's a vampire, I know. But look," I ignore the stunned and shocked expression that the maid is making. I pointed towards Flandre's arm, where the fabric that I wrap around it is getting redder and redder. "Is she healing? No. Even if I'm not familiar with these kinds of things, I can tell that something is wrong with her powers or something. And I can already tell that something is wrong with you too…"

Wow, never know that I'll be so satisfied seeing somebody making a face like the one that Sakuya-san is making right now. The expression that she is making is equivalent to a person who has had his or her whole entire lifestyle revealed to them orally. And I take back all I say about me being a bad person is socializing, I'll be the freaking worst out of them because I'll be making people make this kind of faces every now and then.

"Look, I won't get angry, because I know that I'm not in a position to be like such. It's all up to her." I gestured to the vampire who is nursing her arms right now. "But if you want to cooperate with me, please… tell me everything and I will tell you everything that you want to know."

My voice, at that last part, came out soft, almost pleading. I know I'm being a wuss, but even if I'm kind of pissed at the maid for hurting Flandre, it was some sort of accident. She was going to stab me, but Flandre jumped in the way. That is unavoidable. I can't get angry because of that, but if I were to be the one who was stabbed… that's an entirely different ending.

"Very well." The maid's reply somehow made me calmer; I calmed down and was no longer in an angered state. She still looked at me with high awareness, something that I should be doing instead of hers. It's probably because of the fact that her mistress/master has been living with a complete stranger for the past few days or so.

So we agreed to sit and talk this out. I had Flandre alongside me, explaining and also asking her to prove my tale with her perspective on things. Sakuya listened intently, almost as if she's hearing a report, it is but I'm sure it's not relevant. I started from the very beginning, from my university, to which I had to explain as a school to the maid, me being sick, and my encounter with Flandre in the alley on the way to the bath house.

She showed signs of hostility when I mentioned about the thugs and the whole situation regarding why Flandre is caught up with them, and she is even angrier at the mentioning of me being in the same bath with her. I explained, detailed and professionally, and I'm glad that Sakuya is an understanding person.

She was about to interrupt me in the midst of my speech and explanation, but I stopped her before she could. I can tell that she's not really pleased with that. Anyhow, I am nearing the end of the speech, I told her about the new clothes that I bought for Flandre, Sakuya looked a little grateful for that and after that, I also told her that her condition is weakened and that she explained about this whole Gensokyo thing and stuff. Then, I finally reached the part where I explained about her flopping down my doorway.

"…That's it." I finished, releasing a breath. I waited, awaiting whatever reply that the maid has for me. As promised, I will answer any questions that the maid asked of me, anything. But I'll try not to answer some of the personal things, even if she were to ask me such things. As I waited, Sakuya did not answer. I can't exactly tell if she's thinking for a question or she's just trying to take the whole information into her brain.

She then finally opens her mouth, asking me this particular question:

"Do you mind if I stay here for some time?"

As sudden as the question is, I reply in the shortest form of reply that I could come up with.

"Eh?"

Saturday… two days after Sakuya came to my apartment… you know, I've considered on trying to find a perfect part time job, but it seems that I could not find a suitable one for me. I tried asking some local café if they need an extra hand in helping, but none is vacant, even if they are they just don't pay at my strike zone. So right now, I am walking outside, in the middle of the summer's heat, looking for a job that hopefully will be enough to support me and my two temporary tenants that are currently staying with me.

I sighed, wiping a sweat before it could trickled down my forehead. I went pass a couple of people, desperately walking in search of a job. In Tokyo, there's a lot of place where I could work in. Places like convenient stores, cafés, some general stores, family restaurants and even shop stands. Japan is good in their economics, but still, things aren't exactly cheap here.

My target was to find a job that is near, pays well and does not require me to do a lot of physical work. That's why I'm avoiding convenient stores and general department stores, but if I have no other choice, I'll have to look deeper into it. My strike zones are cafés and small shops, since I prefer to be a waiter or the one who handles the cashier and register. I'm not that of a cook, so I won't even try to step into the kitchen.

With me having two people who are currently staying at my apartment, I'll need to find a job that really pays well. And by well I mean well. I need to find a job that pays me hourly, it must also be decent and proper. I'm not going to work in a bar, never liked those places in the first place. But I'm not saying that working in a bar isn't proper, I'm just trying to avoid public bonding places such as bars, clubs and karaoke centers.

My walk has taken me to the other side of the streets, my eyes vigilant to look for any signs of jobs that I could ask for an interview with. I stopped in my place, seeing that I can't multitask walking and searching at the same time. My eyes looked around, looking for anything that is as close to a café or something. There are a lot of cafés here, but none seemed to be looking for someone to hire. I sighed, seeing that I probably have no chance in this. But, God do exist.

As I was about to turn, I crashed into a person. Judging from the voice that the person is letting out in the form of a yelp, I can tell that the person is female. She's shorter than me, so that means that she's probably younger than me. And I wasn't kidding when I say that she's younger than me. She is a girl who appears to be in her early teens, she's probably in high school or something. Her hair is black, typical for the Japanese, and her eyes are round and doe like black. Her face looks immature for someone who appears to be in high school, and she is wearing a uniform.

From the uniform, I can say that she's working in a café or a restaurant at least. It consist of a normal waiter and waitress styled shirt, she has a vest over it and a name tag right where the shirt pocket is at. Her long hair is tied into a ponytail, allowing me to see the necklace pendant she has on her neck. Her face seemingly brightens when she saw me.

"Hello! Please come to our café, we have delicious cakes and teas! We are also looking for a part timer in case if you're willing to help." Her voice is energetic, typical for business. But the most important thing, my reply has been answered. It came in the form of this… girl. I grabbed her hands, shocking her, and my face shows the most wistful smile I ever shown.

"Where do I start?" I ask, without hesitation.

"Uh…"

Well, let's just say that my life is going to be both harder and easier at the same time starting from now on…

A/N: And that's it! Whew, that was quicker than I expected… I need to update more these days… anyway, this is for the fourth chapter of this series. You people might notice that I'm making Sakuya a little OOC here, but don't worry, it won't really affect much of the story later on.

Our protagonist, a mysterious yet well-mannered fellow he is, is not perfect. He's bound to lose his cool, he can get angry and he is definitely able to cry. Things about 'men don't cry'? I call BS, my dad and I cry so much when we watched Korean drama and we're damn proud of it.

And just a warning, this story is not what you might think it is. This is, as I've said, not going to be like most of the OC centered fics out there in the Touhou Project archives, it will be different to. the. core. Telling you guys directly is a big no no, that's why I'm going to be a dick and not reveal anything else further.

So… that's it for today, please await my other works since I'll be uploading them in a couple of days maybe even next week. Jeez, I don't know, what do I know?

See ya, and I definitely would appreciate it if you send me some reviews on how this story could improve. Bye and good night/day!
