Ever heard the saying, 'hell hath no fury like a woman scorned'? If so, then they might need to change that statement. Hell hath no fury like a pissed off Remilia. Even if she's not showing any signs of anger or rage, I can still feel her fury leaking from her person. I have to keep myself from shivering. Staring at someone had never been so hard, but when it comes to Remilia… it's like looking at air.

"So… it's like that… Onii-san~?" her glare got deeper, way deeper.

"Please on all that is holy don't ever call me that." You can call me a shitty bum for all I care, but not that.

She dismissed the matter just like dust. "Hmph." If that wasn't arrogance, then I don't know what it is. But despite the way she acts, I know that Remilia is having a hard time taking in what Flandre and I have just explained. To her, it might sound like total nonsense, but I'm sure that the proof of Flandre being here alone is enough.

"Then… where's my maid?"

…I was getting to that.

Yes, her maid. My girlfriend, Sakuya-san. I gulped. If I was nervous before, I don't know what to call it now. If Remilia finds out about me and Sakuya-san…

"Oi, I was asking." Her crimson eyes stared at me with mild irritation.

"I don't know… I mean, I wasn't here…?" I tried speaking slowly.

"Ah!" The little vampire exclaimed. Not Remilia mind you. "She's searching for Onii-san, because he didn't return home and she got worr-hmmmphmhm!" I slapped my hand on the brat's mouth, to prevent her from digging my grave deeper than what it is now. I gave her a look. Then she realized. "Ah… eh… I mean that… Sakuya is not here because she got lost…?"

Yup, not suspicious one bit.

In all honesty, I was prepared to get struck down at this very moment. But Remilia chose to stare and be quiet, maybe hiding her irritation away. I can tell that she suspects something, but I'm not sure if she's keen on showing it either. I mean, she has all the rights to suspect me from—everything! I mean look: me, a grown young adult living together with two women who happens to be her sister and her maid. If I were to be put on Remilia's shoes, I'd go paranoid.

The blue haired vampire is calm. Her gaze mostly kept at me; stern and flat. She suddenly sighed, shaking her head momentarily. "Tell me, do you think I am a fool?"

Well shit.

"I am fully aware that you are hiding something from me." Her gaze grew sharper. "Both of you. And I could ask you two nicely to tell me where my maid is…" next is literal nightmare fuel. "or I could take you two on a trip to hell before asking, hmm?"

"She's outside looking for me/him." The both of us said at the same time.

Remilia raised an eyebrow. "Oh and why is that? Why would my maid, so perfect and elegant, would be looking for someone like you?" her question's directed at me, which means that I must answer her. The ticking of clock has never been so loud before, Flandre is definitely staring at me silently giving encouragement. I appreciate her support, but they say a support is useless if it doesn't help. Sorry Flanny Flan, you're not helping.

"Uh…" thinking, I find a very reasonable excuse without exposing anything of my relationship with the maid. "It's because I'm the host. Yeah, that's right!" whoops, nearly lost it there. "Ahem. Obviously, it's because I'm their host." My voice managed to sound even, as if I'm trying to prove a point. "Not to mention, Sakuya-san is only familiar with the local streets, and other sorts of needed knowledge there is in this environment. What if my landowner came into the room? That will be really, really troublesome."

Remilia stared at me for a few minutes. Before shrugging her shoulders. "I see. Very well then, now… I need to know another thing."

What is it now…?

She pointed a finger at her sister, Flandre, who points a finger at herself. "Eh, me?" the blonde vampire asked out as if it wasn't obvious enough that she's going to be the subject of the topic. "What's wrong with me?"

And Remilia's more than happy to point that out. "Why is my sister wearing a different set of clothes?"

… At that question, I'm not sure if I can answer her without telling the full details. After all, it's been weeks after… that happens. Remilia seems to have noticed the silence that Flandre and I emitted. She taps the tabletop with her finger, wanting an answer. "Answer me. Why is my sister wearing different clothing?"

In the back of my mind, I'm prepared to answer her, creating lies and false answers. False, but mostly believable. But Flandre beat me to it by speaking first. "When I got here… I was assaulted."

CRACK CRSSSH

…There goes my glass.

"I'm sorry, could you repeat that little sister?"

Flandre stares at her big sister with huge teary eyes, her expression barely holding up. "I-I was assaulted! I was nearly violated!"

"By who?!" Remilia demanded, shaking the entire building from the tone of her voice. "By this man?!" she pointed a finger at me, causing me to flinch and jump back in alarm.

"No!" Flandre shouted in reply, her voice nearly cracking. "Onii-san wasn't the one who assaulted me. He saved me from those people!."

By now, the situation in the room is tense. I kept myself from even looking at the scene, trying not to attract any unwanted attention from Remilia. As for Patche… she's asleep on the futon, seeing as she was tired the moment she arrived here. I might have no say in this family argument, but what I do have to say is that if they were to shout and screech at other any longer, my landlord will be showing up at the door. Getting caught by him isn't what I'm concerned of. It is him who's I'm worried for; Remilia wouldn't hesitate to kill a person if they kust barge into the room like tha–

BAM

"Imouto-sama! Did he returned ye–"

Every eyes, excluding a sleeping Patche, turned over to focus at our newest audience. There Sakuya-san stood. Her clothes are messed up probably due to the running. From her panting and sweat, I could easily tell that she ran back from the bath house twice if not thrice. Honestly thinking, I'm flattered knowing that she'd go this far just to find me.

The maid, upon landing her eyes on her mistress, went wide eyed. I have to give her some slack, I mean, she is tired from all the running. Sakuya-san's mouth opens and closes, like a fish out of her water. No words come out from her mouth. It's like déjà vu all over again… except this one's serious than the last. Realizing my position, I took the initiative for everyone.

"Welcome ba- GUFFOW!" … and I was hit by a shoe. It didn't stop there, no man, no. I was harshly brought up to my feet by the collar, a pair of strong hands gripping on the piece of clothing I'm wearing, lifting me up.

"You! Where were you! Do you know how long did we wait for you at the baths?! Do you know how worried I am, thinking that you might've gotten into something serious?!" this is my first time seeing her like this, much less experiencing her anger directed at me. "I searched for you, I even went to the supermarket trying to see if you're there flirting with that cashier!"

"But she's still a high school student!" I sputtered out.

"I don't care!" she let go of my collar, nearly sending me back on the ground. Then her finger pointed outside of the door, face still scary as ever. "Out! And don't come in until you're told to. Out, now!" she stomped her foot on the ground as a sign of command.

"But this is my hou-"

"OUT!"

Instantly, I was outside with the door locked behind me.

Now here I am, standing like a fool with nothing to do other than to wait for my entry into my room. Being a foolish person I was, I thought aloud.

"So… she's angry at me?"

Needless to say, three hours of waiting outside is actually better than three hours of waiting inside…
