"Here's your coffee."

"Thanks."

Oh how I love my job. The bittersweet smell of strong caffeine lingering in the air, the sharp and strong fragrance of tobacco from every corner of the shop is basically like heaven. I sighed in relief at the thought of having my work lasting for over three hours. Three hours of being outside is better than being inside my house right now. After the talking last night, I couldn't even look at Remilia straight in the eyes. I'm afraid, honestly. I mean, come on. She's a loli vampire with monstrous strength while I'm just a normal dude with no talent in fighting or whatsoever.

Heading my way to the register, I caught a raise of hand from one of the many tables available. Well… duty calls. Putting on my business smile, I walked over to the customer who requires me. Approaching, I bowed politely. "Is there anything I could help you with?" I asked the person in front of me. She's a woman, dressed rather inconspicuously. The long black coat, the sunhat and the thick dark sunglasses are a major giveaway. Maybe she's a celebrity or something… well, either way, it's not my business.

She is looking at the menu. As I thought, she wants to order something. Without looking off the menu catalog, she placed her order. "I would like cup of hot coffee. With milk, please." I jotted down her order as per her request. A coffee with milk...

Listening closely, her voice does seem familiar. Maybe she's a celebrity after all. I can't tell who she is though. Japan's celebrities are spread into tiers after all. There are the idols, the singers, the band groups, the comedians and other sorts of people who are known for their job through the TV network. It's not like I pay attention to this kind of thing anyway; my TV's mostly used for news and other updates regarding the economy. Oh, and of course anime, now that Flandre has learned how to subscribe to a particular channel.

"Okay, your order will be ready in five minutes." Five minutes. Our service here is quick after all. Intending to live up to the code, I rushed over to the kitchen to get the customer's order ready. I made ease of the short journey towards the kitchen, yet I know that I could've done better. As I reach the kitchen, I was greeted by the lack of staff. Today's supposed to be a busy day; everyone's supposed to come. Excluding those who got their break of course. Then I remembered; I'm, along with three other staffs, the only one on duty today. I have Soji-san doing the cashier, Mitanami-san as the cook and me and Mitakami as the waiters. Understaffed much? The master's not even here, I heard he's going on a trip to discuss something with the company.

Without thinking much, I began to prepare the necessary items to prepare a cup of coffee with milk. We are using an instant coffee filter, so there's no need to do much with the coffee itself. I grabbed a clean cup from the counter of the kitchen, along with a small plate to go underneath it. I prepared the milk from the jar, pouring it into another container. The coffee that I prepared earlier is done; I waste no time pouring the hot liquid into the cup. There, a cup of coffee with milk. Putting the cup onto the tray, I head over to the table which I was at before to serve the customer's order.

I reached there in no time, not even five minutes. I bend forward slightly, placing the hot cup of coffee onto the table's surface. "Here's your order. If there is anything else you need, please tell me." I bow lightly before returning for my post on the waiting area for us staffs; the kitchen. The nice thing about working in café, aside from all the things that I've mentioned before, is that you know when you're needed. There's this button that allows customers to call for us waiters. The number of their desk will appear on the screen over at the kitchen area and we will be there to take their order.

I stared at the empty blank screen. There's not much customers today it seems. Well, not that I'm complaining. With the number of staffs we have today, having too many customers to handle will be like a high school cafeteria all over again. While I'm busy with my dozing off, I failed to notice the approaching presence behind me.

"Yo, it's time for your break. Thank you for filling me in, ne?" a fellow staff, Mitanami, said to me while fixing his tie. He's a normal looking guy; a college student, taking the department of physics. I know that because we came from the same university, even if he barely talks to me at all. Not that I mind of course. He's a tall person, a head taller than me. Not so bad looking either too, perhaps he's handsome. His easy going expression makes girls attracted to him, while making guys wanting to hit it so badly. I'm an exception of course.

"Hm, no problem." I shrugged off his good intention with ease. "Well then, I'll be taking my break. If I'm sleeping, don't wake me up. Only wake me up when I'm done with my break." I said dismissively while heading towards the break room.

"Hai, hai. Have fun resting senpai~"

On second thought… maybe I'm one of those guys who wants to bash the guy's face right in.

I begin my small walk towards the break room. Upon reaching the door, I sighed deeply before plopping myself into a chair and sinking my body unto the table's flat surface. Man, I've still got an hour left of work before I could go home; and I'm definitely preferring work right now. Where should I go? I didn't bring my car with me since I need to save money from buying too much gasoline; gas for imported car isn't cheap after all. There aren't many sights that I haven't been into in this part of town… going to a bar will be a big fat no for me.

I don't really care up to this point; going home or not I don't care, as long as I don't have to deal with Remilia's antics. This morning, before I left for work, I've had enough of her already. Patche, not really because she is currently unwell, but the vampire… she's like a certain golden armored bastard from Fate! Requires this, need that, useless this and that…

I pulled out my cigar, deciding that this is the best and only way for me to vent my anger. Lighting the tip with a lighter I have in my pocket, I went on to breathe, inhaling the unhealthy solution into my lungs before puffing it out. Sometimes, people wonder… do smokers even felt sick on the taste of nicotine. Well, as a smoker myself, I'll have to say no to that statement. We see cigarettes not as drugs; but as a way to vent our stress and exhaustion without harming someone. Instead, we harm ourselves; and for me, it's a sign that I need to be more patient with things.

Probably I should consider the matter with Remilia… but I do have my limits. If she breaks it, then so will I. If I break, then things will too. But I doubt that I would do that easily when knowing what kind of person Remilia is. While I'm not easy to anger, I have my own case of outburst. There was this one time where I snapped at a junior in college for dropping my suitcase to the floor. It was clearly a mistake; I wasn't just on my best mood back then. Anyway, I need to really settle things with this 'lady' living in my apartment, or else things will be harder than it is.

Not long later, work ends for me.

"I'm baaack…"

"Ah, you. It's about time you returned."

I'm not going to even bother talking with this person. Yet I know what I must do, and I need to do it now. I force my head to look at Remilia who is crossing her arms while giving me an irritated look. "Hope you had fun outside, now that you have returned, you will tell me everything you know about the magic box."

Wait… magic box? What magi—oh, she meant the TV. Well, I suppose serious talking could be done later. With a flat expression on my face, I lazily pointed at the so called 'magic box'. "You mean that? That's a TV. Basically, you can watch news, cartoons, sports and other channel that involves different categories."

"Hm… what an interesting item. Human, I demand you to have more of this… TVs… placed here!"

"Hey, one's enough. Besides, I've had enough with your demanding." Plopping down the chair, I sighed deeply to myself. It's already two, and just the perfect time for lunch. I smell something cooking in the kitchen; looks like Sakuya-san is cooking nabe. "Anyway, how's that friend of yours?" I pointed towards the sleeping woman wearing the purple pajama; who is currently sleeping in my futon. It's a good thing that I bought another set thought.

"She's fine. She woke up while you were away before, she said that she'll be fine after resting for a few more days. Which mean that we will stay here until Patche is ready to go." She stated.

Looking at the ceiling, I could only sit in silence. Not sure if I can say anything about that. Now that Remilia is here, Flandre and Sakuya-san could go home. I'm happy, I really am. Yet I'm also dying inside; thinking that that day might come.

"Hey Remilia?"

"Hm?" she must notice the lack of formalities in my word.

"Can we talk tonight? I'll treat you to dinner, just the two of us?" I suddenly said.

I do not hear a reply from her. Was it really that surprising? True to my words; she is indeed surprised. But that look disappeared right away, replaced by her usual arrogant look. "Oho~? My, what a really tempting offer you have there."

"It's the only one I got."

"Hmph, very well. We shall go. But I expect that tonight's dining will be… satisfactory." Looking at her, I was captured by her red eyes. I felt like a rabbit to a wolf; helpless and bare.

Refusing to wit out, I remain strong. "Sure. I'll prepare the things first. You can choose which ever dress you want to use in the wardrobe; I've got some dress that you could try on."

She looked at me weirdly, almost as if she's creeped out about something. "You… you have dresses?"

Face palming, I realized how stupid I was. "No, what I meant to say is that you can browse for Flan's dresses that I bought for her. She fits your size, right?"

The blue haired vampire shrugged her shoulders. "Hmph, I'll see." She then turned away from me with arms crossed; looks like that will keep her from bugging me anytime soon. Satisfied beyond normal, I can rest easy without having to worry with Remilia's antics. Of course, there is actually a reason as to why I'm inviting her out on a dinner. I think that it would be easier to talk to her since there will only be the both of us; talking straight up to Remilia with Flandre and the others isn't really a comfortable thought.

I closed my eyes, resting them for a moment. That is until a voice broke me out of my small rest. "Oh, you're back." I open my eyes to come face to face with an apron wearing Sakuya-san who just emerges from the kitchen. Alongside her is Flandre, her face messy from food tidbits and other sort of gourmet ingredients.

"Ah, Onii-san is back!" she jumped for me, but Sakuya-san was there to stop her. Instead of jumping, the blonde vampire walked over to me, her face beaming with a huge smile. "How was work? Did you meet anyone interesting? Hey, when are we going to the pool or the beach?"

Without even realizing, I'm smiling already. This kid just knows when to bring me up from my sourest mood. I rest a hand on the girl's head, ruffling it softly. "Calm down kid. One by one; one by one." I said. "Work is fine, nothing really interesting. And I think that I met a celebrity before; she was wearing a disguise to not get noticed by the public, but I think that I've heard her voice from somewhere. And about that, I'll need to think about it later, I'm really busy at the moment."

"Muu…" she seems saddened over the fact that I'll have to delay the trip. Smiling softer, I ruffled her head once more, causing her to look up at me.

"Listen here kid, I promise you that we'll go to the pool and the beach. But not now. Who knows? We might even be able to bring your sister with you." I winked while hinting over to the elder vampire who is busy watching anime.

Instantly, Flandre's mood was lifted up by my words. She cheered, her face so bright that it would explode. "A trip with Onee-sama to the pool and beach? Waaai! Hear that Onee-sama, we'll go to the pool and beach together! Yaaay~!" she began to annoy her sister with other sorts of questions; much to my enjoyment.

"Ku ku ku…"

"Hm? Anything's wrong?" Sakuya-san asked me.
