"Ahem." I coughed. "Nothing's wrong, nothing's wrong." Anyway, I better tell her about my plan for tonight; so that she won't have to spend so much on food expense. First, I am fully aware that we are running low on food. But I am also aware that the amount of food that is needed for everyday life isn't even enough to compete with the amount of money I'm about to lose tonight.

The silver haired maid sat down on the chair opposite of me. She must have noticed the thoughtful look on my face; she's always been so attentive over small things like these, which is why I love her even more. "Are you sure? You seem… to be thinking a lot recently. If it's about the trip, I'm sure that Imouto-sama won't mind if you were to delay it longer."

Now people, this is my lover. An angel sent by God above just for me. If I could just go over where she is and bit down on her ears…

JAP

My hands instinctively went back; because the place where my hand was before is now embed with a knife. My eyes slowly traveled from the knife to her eyes, seeing a dangerously sweet look on my sweetheart's face.

"Could you explain what was that hand about to do? Hmm~?" if things were a little bit different… I would fall for her even more from that sweet voice of hers.

"Eh, I was… I was about to grab myself some milk—!" my hands immediately went to shut my mouth. I opened them again, trying to correct myself. "Wait, wait, wait! What I meant was, I was about to… uh… say something! Yeah, that's right!"

"Ho~? And what is it that you're about to say, hmm~?" I could see the aura behind her… oh wait I can't. But if I can, I know that it is there… she pulled out another knife, making that two knives present. "Does it have something to do with milk?"

"No, no no no!" I don't want to go down that route! Because if I do… then only God knows what will happen to me. "I was actually going to say that I'll be having dinner outside tonight." I answered quickly.

"Oh, really?" and just like that, she's back to normal. "Wherever are you going to eat?"

"Please don't ask me…" I raised my hand weakly. I pinched my temples, feeling a headache about to come. "I don't really want to imagine all the money I would lost just for tonight's dinner."

"If it's that expensive, why would you eat at that place?" thank you Sakuya-san.

"Well, it's because I'm taking Remilia with me." I pointed to the blue haired vampire who is currently watching a scene where Mami Tomoe got ahead of herself. Oh… she's surprised. Focusing back on Sakuya-san, I noticed how quiet she is. This isn't that surprising, right? "Hey, Sakuya-san? Anything wrong?"

JAP

"What the hell did I do?!"

The knife returned, unlike before, it brought along one of its friends, making it two knives implanted on the table. I saw the owner of said knives shaking slightly, I can't tell whether she's angry or what. But what I know is that if I don't explain myself, I'd be minced meat for sure. "Wait, this is a real dinner here I'm talking about! Not that kind of dinner! Hey, please believe me!" defending myself has never been so hard…

She still stood there unmoving, though she is shaking. I relaxed myself, realizing why she's like this. Sighing, I move my hand to grab a hold of hers. My Sakuya-san is lovely after all…

"Don't worry, we will only talk." I started softly. "I don't want things to go the way it is… that is why I'm hoping to talk things out with Remilia." My other hand went for her cheeks, brushing off the tears from her face. "Don't cry, okay? We'll have our dinner soon if things work out with your chibi master." I grinned, trying to reassure her.

"…Only if things work out?"

"Hah. I'll still take you out whether things worked out or not." I gripped her hands tighter; taking off my hand from her face, I grab her hands with both of mine."I'll try my best, I don't want us to end this way after all…" I whispered the last part so that only the both of us could hear. Sakuya-san looked down, avoiding my gaze.

"…Dummy."

"I'm your dummy."

Needless to say, lunch was satisfying.

Seated on the chair with my laptop open; I am currently talking at the phone. If one were to pay attention, they would notice the fine dining advertisement in my PC's screen. "Hello? I would like to have a reservation for two. Tonight, we'll be there at seven. Um… I would like to have the special offer please. Okay, yes. Thank you too." I brought my phone off from my ear, pocketing it back in my pants.

"What are you doing?" without even looking, I could tell who the owner of the voice is. I feel something brushing up my back, trying to peek on my shoulders. I don't move, letting her do as she pleases. "Oooh… is this another form of those magic boxes or TV you have there?" Remilia has a tad bit attitude asking questions of things she's not familiar with. Not that I mind, but if this is how she'll live in here, I might have to carry an encyclopedia whenever I go out with her.

"No, it's quite different. This is a laptop, there are larger versions of this called computers. With this, I am able to surf the web, as in searching for information about general things. You could say that this is the index of the modern world." I explained briefly. There's really no use in explaining things to the point where I need to be specific; as it would only confuse her even more.

"I see… then, could you search for vampires?" She asked me. I can't tell whether she's curious or not…

"Why?" I asked, while my eyes are wandering towards to clock display on my laptop; it's four already.

"It's my right to see how the society views my lineage as of today. Don't hold me back human, just do it." Isn't she nice?

Sighing, I did as I was ordered. I opened my browser's search engine and began searching for vampires and anything related to the topic. As expected, Google really give the fastest result; especially in a place where internet connection is at the max like Japan. Immediately, pictures and related threads about vampires come to result on my screen; things like 'Vampire's Diary's' and 'Bram Stoker' also 'Vlad Tepes' and other related things.

Of course, things like this are mostly opinions, so there's no way that Remilia will believe them.

"Hm… what nonsense, we do not sparkle when contacted with direct sunlight. Our skin stings and burn; just like putting your hand on top of a candle. Of course, that is an exception for someone like me." She looks smug. That's obvious. "But seriously… almost all of the information here are nothing but lies. Take a look at this: Vampires are nocturnal creature; hence why the rest in the day in order to retain their strength. Indeed that we are most active in the night, but that doesn't mean that we sleep all day long."

Well, the more you know. Shaking my head; getting rid of all the unnecessary information I learned, I stood from my chair while closing my laptop shut all the while.

"Hey, what's the big idea?"

"Get ready, we'll be leaving in an hour." I did not need to say that twice. Remilia understood what I meant and she immediately went for the drawer. I have my clothes prepared; the formal attire that I used when I drove Jun to that cluster storm a week before. It's still clean, I had brought it to the laundry. Sakuya-san and Flandre are outside, they're going to take their bath. I told them that we'll leave while they're bathing. As for Patche… she's sleeping like a log ever since yesterday. Just how little stamina this woman has anyway?

I glanced over to the wardrobe; for a reason unknown to that even me. I was greeted by a stunning sight. Remilia is in the middle of changing her clothes, and she is currently wearing one of Flandre's dress. I snapped my head back to the other direction; my face flushed at the image that I just saw. She really is serious with this viewing me as lower than dirt and not even caring when I'm peeking at her, huh? Well, I better get used to that—not.

Deciding that it was best to not waste time, I quickly change into my own attire. It's a good thing that I'm wearing the pants already, otherwise it'll be a whole new level of awkwardness for me. I put on the top and then the black blazer afterwards, I had my shoes polished and ready for me to wear. I looked at Patche, who is still sleeping until this very moment.

I better write a note or something… grabbing a paper and pen from my bag that I had with me, I scribbled a small note for Sakuya-san and Flandre to read once they returned. Remilia and I had our bath earlier; and no, we did not take one together. I made sure that I have everything ready; wallet, phone, car keys and my pen.

"Are you done yet?" I asked the changing vampire without looking. I can still hear the sound of clothing rubbing against each other; looks like she's not done yet. Seconds later, the sound stopped. I guess that it's safe for me to look now. I turned to look at my dinner partner. The blue haired vampire is dressed in a red dress with a long red skirt; the top has a mix between red and purple and a small ribbon is tied on the waist level to keep the dress in place along with the zip on the back. Did I buy this for Flandre? If so, then I'm pretty sure that Sakuya-san was the one who chose the dress for her.

"Ufufu… how do I look? Am I captivating?" she did some poses, like stretching her arms, crossing her arms, and puffing out her nonexistent chest out. Look, while she does indeed look lovely, I don't think that it really matters. Then again… I suppose it does. If I knew Remilia, she's the type of person who shows off every single thing that she has, no matter how little of value it is.

I gave her two thumbs up along with a flat look. "You look good. Now, let's go. It's already four; we need to go somewhere else before we could have our dinner." I can't just satisfy someone of Remilia's caliber with just a dinner can I? I planned this before; we will visit the sightings around town. And by sightings I meant malls; along with some landmarks that are nearby; like the statue of Hachiko and also maybe go up the Tokyo tower.

But I doubt that we could do the last one; seeing that we might spend more time on going to malls. I just hope that she won't buy too much or something expensive… I've only got so much left. Heading over the door, I am joined by Remilia. Once we are outside, I locked the door because Patche is inside. Sakuya-san got a spare key, so I'm sure she'll be able to get inside. I've made sure so that Patche, in case if she were to wake up while we are gone, would not get hungry. We left her some leftover; the girl hasn't eaten anything since yesterday after all.

Pocketing the keys back into my pockets, I offered my hand towards the vampire who stood beside me. Her reaction was foreseeable; she was taken aback and surprised at the sudden action. "Come on, let's go." At that, she took my hand, though the smug look never did disappear from her face.

We make quick work of getting into the car; next thing we knew, we're already driving straight for the malls. I toured Remilia about the place, keeping her updated with new information regarding malls and other attractions like that. Though it might seem normal for her, Remilia is completely clueless from the stares she'd been gathering from people around us. It's more like the both of us; but I damn well know that most of the stares are directed towards her. I mean, this is a foreigner we have here. A foreigner that is dressed rather sharply and doesn't irradiate the usual aura that foreigners seem to be giving off. I guess I'm a foreigner too, not being Japanese and all that.

So after the brief tour was done, we went for the shops. This is where things started to get a little bit tiring for me. Women, no matter what race are they, are still women. They speak, walk, and shops a lot. But with Remilia, she isn't shopping. She's dragging me from shop to shop just so that we could browse the stores. She would occasionally try on some of the clothes; but she didn't demand me to buy a piece or two for her. I thought that it was weird but, I came to a having a question.
