Is this the real Remilia?

Now what I'm seeing here is so much different from the Remilia I knew one day ago. This, what I have here, is a polite young lady who is acting selflessly and as elegant as she could. She's not the demanding and bratty child she was when she's at home; nor is she the impatient and stubborn scary vampire she is. She is just being a completely different person; I even pinched myself a few times just to make sure that I wasn't falling asleep while helping her shop. Wow, I'm actually wrong. Maybe Remilia is a nice person after all.

Time went by fast, our dinner's time is steadily approaching. We are in the car once again; with me driving the both of us to our destination. The air in between us in quiet, almost uncomfortable. But I think that it is better this way; seeing that I will be doing most of my conversation in the dinner. Still, I need to remember the whole point of this dinner. And that is to convince Remilia to let Sakuya-san or even Flandre stay for a longer time. I know I'm pushing it but I won't know until I try.

"Here we are." I suddenly said.

My car stopped halfway, slowing down my acceleration so that we both could take a good look of the place where we are eating. "This is the place… it seems that I have underestimated your taste in fine dining." Was the comment that she shoves down to my ears. I ignore as I drive safely to the front entrance of the restaurant, where two properly dressed men are waiting. I did not comment about her input; as though what I normally would. I decided to not kid around this time, keep things serious and all that.

I stopped the car and motions for Remilia to open the door by pointing at the door handle. We both exit the car at the same time; greeted by the two staff standing in front dressed as a proper waiter. I walked over to Remilia, extending my hand. She gave me a confused look; to which I elaborate. "Don't worry, we'll make them think that we are together in this; also, what kind of host I would be if I'm not there for my guests, hm?"

"Ufufufu… I guess you are right." Well, so much in trying to look cool for a moment. I took her hand with me, holding it by the palm. Manner's important and all but it's even more so when you are entering with a vampire who could end your life along with going inside a restaurant that has five stars in it. Not literally; I meant in ratings.

"Good evening sir, madam." Both of the people on duty greeted us with business smile sported on their faces. "Do you wish to reserve a place for further notice?" one of them asked.

I reached into my coat pocket to bring out a small paper. "I have reserved a place already," I hand over my car key to the other person. "could you please park my car for me? Make it somewhere nearby."

"Of course sir."

While that one is busy, Remilia and I are currently being directed inside of the restaurant. Now I know why they call this place as a 'fine dining' restaurant. Look at this place; huge, neat, the ambience is really different than a usual restaurant. Not to mention; the prices they charge for the foods… tables and chairs are arranged properly, similarly to any other restaurant. But looking at the décor and employees working here, I can tell that this place outdoes common family restaurant. This is, after all, one of the finest places to eat in Tokyo. I got my way here from browsing the web; also I called Jun to provide me with a heads up on the prices and facilities. Rich boy been here before…

We walked along the dining place; seeing well dressed people of a higher status eating and conversing amongst each other. I could tell that this is the norm for them; yet again, I don't really have the rights to say that aloud. I am nervous, I can't deny that. But along with this feeling of nervousness, I could imagine this turning out smoothly; at least that's what my optimistic side wants me to believe. See, I was always a person who stands in between. I try to see both the positive and negative sides of things; no matter how much I refuse to believe that such ways are possible.

Just like this situation, I began thinking. If things were to go smoothly, Sakuya-san and I could resume our relationship and Flandre could stay here longer. But if it doesn't, Sakuya-san and Flandre will both leave as soon as Patche is ready to go. Now there are a lot of other possibilities out there; but I just can't think of anything other than these two; these are the ones nearest to my prediction. I'm not going to go to an extreme level but… what are the chances of Remilia allowing Sakuya-san and Flandre to visit me like twice a month or something like that? I know that that is probably crossing it but, I just can't help but think that way.

"Here are your seats, sir, madam." The kind waiter gestured.

While I pull my own chair, Remilia has her done by the waiter, seeing that it is a part of the service. As soon as I seat, I draped over the napkin over on my laps, showing a common sign of table manner. Remilia's having it smoother than I am; she's a real lady after all. Ignoring her physique that is. Ahem, anyway, the waiter offered me a menu, and I remember that restaurants like these serves wine along with whatever menu you're having.

I opened the menu and I'm greeted with a whole load of names that I'm not familiar with. Fine dining restaurants found in Japan are built to replicate what they have in France; meaning that most of the menu here are written in France along with the romaji title underneath the French name. It's a good thing that they have the menu's description; otherwise I'll be ordering bread and butter. "I'll have the boeuf bourguignon." It's said here that it is some sort of… stew prepared in wine. Well, that's the common one here, as it is stated here on the menu.

"Then I will have what he is having, alongside your finest red wine. Make sure that it is chilled and well preserved." As expected, the woman knows what to say. It looks like I don't really have to show her how to do things here; it's more like her class in the first place. She seem pleased, maybe I was right to take her out here tonight.

"If that is all, then your order will arrive shortly." The polite gentleman bowed, before returning back to the kitchen to prepare our orders. My eyes trailed off to the far distance; taking in the constant chatter of people talking with each other. Eventually, I came eye to eye with Remilia.

"So tell me, why this all of a sudden?" the vampire stared. She folds her hand elegantly on the table. "Why this? If I remembered correctly, you're not so keen about having me anywhere near you." Her voice is, for once, serious this time. No humor, no arrogance. Just a serious curiosity.
I flicked a strand of hair that has been getting over my eye before answering her. "Why? Why can't I?" depending on that flat stare she gave me, I say she's not taking in any vague responses. Welp, it's not like I could lie to her anyway. So, I'll trick her.

"It's… something personal really." I started slowly. "I mean, I know that this whole thing is sudden for me. Maybe for you too; so what I would to ask is this," Well, here goes nothing. "If I were to ask you and your family to stay here longer; would you agree?"

At that, I could see the dilating of pupils from Remilia's eyes. Her eyes widening, her face transforming; showing surprise. It's clear that she wasn't expecting me to say that. At that moment, a different waiter approached our table, he carries a while towel over his arm while carrying a bucket of cold red wine along while carrying a tray with two glass on it with his other hand. He set the glass on the table; near mine and Remilia's reach. He also poured the wine for us, as is the custom for restaurants like this. Shortly after, he left after giving a bow.

It looks like she's taking a while trying to process the whole thing into her mind. Oh well, I'll enjoy myself a fine glass of wine.

"What do you mean?

…apparently, my wine tasting has been cut short; now that our lady has finished processing the request. I can feel her stare on me, since when it hasn't, and I can tell that beneath those threatening orbs; lies a glimmer of confusion accompanied with wonder. Before answering her, I dabbed my lips with a napkin that is provided; tainting it red.

"It's just as I've said. Could you prolong your stay, of course, you don't have to do anything aside from the things that you've been doing from yesterday." Which is nagging, insulting and irritating me.

Still, Remilia isn't going to take my reason that easily. "And why is that? I've been so sure that you've been irking over the fact that I am here…" before she even finished her statement, my hand raised to stop her. Impolite, yes. Wrong, no.

"It is true that I was a little… irked by your attitude against me; but that is no longer a thing." I sipped a glass of my wine. "The thing is… I've been… changed." Somehow, I settled with that choice of words. "I'm changed, I have changed, ever since your sister came into my life. And if she were to leave suddenly I…" unknowingly, my palms are now clenched into fists. "I wouldn't know what will happen to me."

"So, you are saying that you have feelings for my sister?"

I sputtered. "No!, I mean, yes, but no. Not in that way…" I lowered my head, trying to hide the redness on my face. "Though… the same cannot be said for your maid…" it came out small but I am pretty darn sure that Remilia heard it right. I raised my head again; staring Remilia right in the way with courage as my fuel. "So please, allow me to at least spend the rest of summer with them." I could go and prostate myself on the floor right here now, but I know that it will only give us both unwanted attention.

A long uncomfortable silence reigned over our table. Remilia has yet to reply. Is she considering my request? Is she thinking of a way to deny it? Or maybe, is she thinking of saying how foolish it is for me to even gets to know her family? I don't know what the woman is thinking. My senses choose to ignore the noisy atmosphere around me; focusing only at the reply that Remilia is about to give.

"Tell me."

I tensed.

"Will you take care of them?"

"With my life." There goes my answer.

Remilia closed her eyes, her lips stretching into a small smile.

"Hmph. Let's see if you could keep your words shall we? I will give you a test, and should you pass the test, I will consider your request." She pointed a knife at me; her red eyes challenging me. "But… should you fail, then we will leave as soon as possible." She gave her condition.

I can't say anything about that. It seems fair. Nodding, I steeled my nerve. "Alright. I'll take it."

She smirked. "Good. But enough for now, our dinner is here." She said in delight.

And true to her words, our orders arrived quicker than I expect them to be. The waiter that we saw from the very first is pushing a cart, on it is a platter with a metal lid covering what's inside. This is purposely done to keep the temperature. "Here are your orders, sir, madam." He opened the metal lid revealing our orders. I am not familiar with dishes like these, but if I have to say one thing about it is that; it'll be one hell of a dish.

"Bon appetite." We both say at the same time.

Dinner was good, very good.

A/N: I was planning on releasing this before my Kancolle fic, but hey, things change. I have to say that I have put a lot of effort on making this chapter; ignoring story length, this chapter shows a step that the protagonist took in this story. Now you guys might not like the way I did this but, this is probably the most realistic way I could give.

No 'Remilia getting angry and killing the protagonist' shit… guys, we need to remember that Remilia, Flandre, Patche and even Sakuya has lost a necessary amount of power for them to do things like what they're able to do in Gensokyo. But I will say this; the longer they stay in the human world, the more power they lost.

Whoops, looks like I've given out a very important detail. But don't worry. A mortal is, after all, a miserable pile of secret.

Anyways, hope you like this chapter and have a good day/night!