

I swear, I'm probably a natural at driving.

"Remind me… where exactly are we going?"

…on second thought, scratch that.

I can see Jun happily sipping wine from a glass on the back seat from the rear view mirror. He gave me a confused look before sighing. "We're going to the place I told you before; just follow the GPS." He gestured to the small phone like screen placed on the counter of the car.

"Well sorry for asking again." I said with my eyes rolled. "Anyway, do we really have to switch cars? I mean, I'm okay with driving a manual but this one? Really?" when it comes to cars, I'm pretty well with both automatic and manual. The car that I'm currently driving is a BMW M5, sleekly painted black. A sleek car, then again, people who prefer cars like these usually got them with the manual transmission instead of the automatic. Why? For once, it's cheaper.

"I actually have a good reason for that." My, one could say, employer, took a sip from his glass before resuming his statement. "This car and yours are two different things, bro. One, your car only has two seats. Two, it would really be unprofessional of me to come in a sports car. And three, I have the goods stashed here already."

Yeah, I should've seen that last one coming. I could only sigh helplessly. "Oh Jun… I really feel pity for the girl who's going to be your wife someday." I sighed out as a mental strike.

But Jun brushed it off with a scoff. "Yeah right. And it's still not clear whether I'll marry the girl or not, you jerk. Things are still progressing, who knows? Maybe dad will cut this whole bullshit off before she could even plan to take over the family." He said sarcastically.

"Still going on about that? You're a pessimist aren't you?"

"Hey, you can't blame for thinking like that. 'sides, I've explained why already. It's like the shit that'll eventually happen when us Yakuza were to be involved with another group. Maybe I forgot to tell you about this, but Mai's family and mine… we're not so close in terms of relationship."

"Mai?" I parroted. "Is that this girl's name?"

"Yeah. At least that's what dad said. Aside from her name, I know nothing else. And I don't think I want to know more either…" there he goes folks, mumbling into his glass of wine… I really do pity this Mai person. Jun is literally a kid in an adult's body.

"You know, I don't think that your dad is going to let go of this whole thing."

"Oh, and why's that?"

"I got a call from him about a few weeks ago. When he called me, he offered me to meet him over food somewhere. And from his tone, I can tell that he's a rather serious man, even though he seems carefree." I revealed while driving the car.

Without even looking, I could hear the sound of Jun's palm meeting his face. "No… oh no… don't tell me that you're actually planning on meeting him?" that sounded a little mean…

"Of course I'm going to meet with him you dummy. Your dad's a Yakuza, you know what'll happen to me if I don't accept his invitation. Getting kidnapped would be the last thing I'll worry about." I said half jokingly.

"No, no, no. Man, you don't get it do you?" from the sound of that, Jun seemed serious.

I peeked over to the rear view mirror, finding Jun's eyes staring intently at me. "Why?" I dare asked.

"When dad took the time to call you personally it means serious shit. To those who are looking forward on joining the group, they'll be pleased to know that the boss himself calls you. But for you…" he saw the expression I'm making. "yeah, I'll leave it like that."

Well, I regret that I asked. Gulping the lump of air that I had been unconsciously gathering in my throat, I still ask for more. "S-So? It's not like he wants to recruit me to the Yakuza anyway. He just wanted to say thanks that I get to save his little junior safe and sound."

Apparently, the more sense that my reasons made, the scarier the things will come out from Jun's mouth. "That's exactly it. If he knows that a guy saved his son from potentially getting arrested or killed, and said guy also happens to be a guy his son knows in college, he'll be more than happy to have you in the group. It's like, for you, getting a scholarship that you never thought of getting or even wanting to have."

.

.

.

"Well, shit." Was my only intelligent reply.

"Yup. Shit indeed."

So I just learned that I got the interest of one of the many crime lords in Japan, oh boy. I don't know whether I should be scared or terrified. Or both. The thing is, I've got enough problems as it is already. Flandre and her family? Yup, there's the nutshell. And now this? I don't think that my body, mind or even soul is ready for this kind of development. In any case, I really need to start thinking… if things come to the worst, I won't be able to run. Not without losing Flandre and the others.

If things get messy with the Yakuza or even Police for that matter, I'll be forced to leave the country. But how? I know have a passport, but neither Sakuya-san nor her family has one… and getting fake passports requires me to get fake IDs which also require me to provide a lot of money. Besides, even if I did managed to get out from Japan, where will I go? I still have my studies here, exactly two more years of studying here.

The only thing I can do now is just to go with the flow, and to both enjoy and live through the fortune and mishaps that will eventually come into my life. I glanced at the GPS screen; I wouldn't have to if the voice setting was turned on but it's annoying. We're almost there, I just need to take this left turn riiiiight here. There. I drive the car into the parking area, then I changed my find; figuring that the basement would do better. After securing a free spot for the car, I raised the brake. "Okay, we've arrived. Boss."

"Please don't call me that."

"Hehehe, boss."

"Shut up."

We both exited the car through our own respective doors. I turned to stretch my back, feeling them getting right as I continue to stretch some more. "Rei, c'mere." Turning my head towards Jun, I wondered what he needed now. He's opened the car's trunk, I walked over to him. "Here, see the—hey don't run you jerk!"

"Nope, nope! I'll take the Nope train all the way to fucking nopeville!"

"D-Don't just run away like that, come on man! We agreed to this!"

I stopped halfway, unable to control my rage any longer. "What we didn't agree on is for those being inside the truck!" I said pointing to the content of the trunks. "Why the fuck do we need those things Jun?! I thought I told you that I won't go where shady Yakuza shit happens!"

The content of the trunk are, as expected, guns. Guns, magazines and what appear to be those bulletproof vests that the Police uses. I have the right to get angry, because there ain't no way that I'm going to get near those things or even planning on getting involved with situations that requires me to use those things.

Jun hastily approached; his expression hard. "Just listen to me okay? Listen! Look, these are… props. They're real, as in the real deal but you're just going to use them just so that you could look like my bodyguard." He explained. Hearing that didn't help me relaxed in the slightest. "Just think of it as putting on cosplay accessories, ain't that hard right?"

Crossing my arms, I give him a glare. "Do you think saying that will make me continue with this shit? Dude, I thought that I'm just here to accompany you. I don't plan on being your real bodyguard. The job I had in mind was for me to stand outside the door while you talk to your soon-to-be-wife and after that, driving you back home safely like a kindergarten." I pointed a finger at his direction.

"J-Just wear them okay! Just use them! Things won't go like it did weeks ago at that party." From his eyes, I could see the desperation gleaming like the bright stars of august. How could I say no to a face like that? That miserable, awful and wanting-to-beat-the-shit-out-of face that he's showing… I am no match for that.

Slumping, I did so while pinching the bridge of my nose at the same time. "Fine."

"What was that?"

"Fine!" I shouted in a fit like manner. "I'll go, I'll take the guns. But you better pray that I won't have to use them anytime or ever, you hear me?!"

"Yes! Thanks a lot dude."

I walked over to the trunk, looking at the contents that are inside. My face made a grim expression. I really need to learn on how to say no properly… so let's see. There are handguns… a shotgun… extra magazines for both… and a small automatic machine pistol, oh, there's also a bulletproof vest. From the looks of it, Jun's about to go to a drug dealer. But from my perspective, he's just damn paranoid. I took a moment to look at Jun.

"Do I really have to use all of this?"

Surprisingly, Jun shook his head. "Nah, just grab one and let's go."

Shrugging my shoulders, there's no other thing for me to say. I choose the handguns instead of the machine pistol and the shotgun, it's because I'm not planning on causing any trouble nor do I plan on being in one. If a guy walks around with a shotgun on his back, who wouldn't get suspicious? And besides, they won't allow weapons inside the building, right?

"Just so you know, the entire building is rented out. So bringing that Mossy won't be a problem."

…dammit. In any case, I'll still go with the handguns. There are two of them, so I'll take both along with extra clips. It's a good thing that the holsters came with them. The holster are the ones used by detectives in those cliché detective flicks, you know, the one that's placed under the coat? I took off my blazer, to equip the holster on. After I'm done, I quickly holstered both guns in before putting on the blazer on. I must say, this thing really fits its purpose. The guns are almost unidentifiable, which is good.

"Okay, I'm done." I said, signaling Jun.

"Really? I'm surprised that you're not going to use that vest though…"

"No, you are going to use it." I throw the vest at him. "Use it. I won't have to worry about you getting shot if things did go from this to shit."

"So much for being my bodyguard…"

As I wait for Jun to put on the vest, I can't help but think just how much my life had change from the past few weeks. It all changed when I meet Flandre. From there, I got to do dangerous shit with Jun and now, I'm pretty much a criminal already. That deal with the police, I sure hope that Jun got it covered…

"Okay, I used it." He used the vest underneath his blazer. Smart. "Now, let's go. The Shirayukis are waiting at the top floor." From there, we walked towards the basement elevator advancing our way towards the top floor of the building.

Inside the elevator, I can't help but feel a bad vibe running down my spine. No matter how one would see it, this is basically a cliché scene from those overreacted movies from the nineties. The elevator's music isn't helping either. But Jun looked so calm. Maybe things will go well after all… but I can't be too sure, hanging around Jun is like getting a winning lottery ticket to a bad life.

The silent atmosphere has gotten the best of me. I can't stand it. "Hey, tell me, if things do get shady, do I have the right to scream at the top of my lungs that I've told you so?"

"…Yup, yes you do."

"Awesome."

DING

…goes the elevator. Or, as my human brain would translate, a sign that the doors are now opened. I stepped out carefully outside, followed by Jun who is having a rather tensed and mixed up expression going on. Well, I can't really blame the guy for being nervous. I mean, a virgin meeting a girl is like a believer meeting God Himself, right?"

"…For some reason, I want to, like, hit you very hard right now."

"Now, now. You can't do that. See," I gestured silently to a group of men dressed in fancy suits standing and no doubt conversing amongst each other meters beyond us. "those guys aren't from your group, right? Which means that they're from your fiancée's. Keep up the expression, don't want them to know that you're being edgy…boss."

"Urgh…"

…everybody hear that sound? Bitch got served.

Anyway, I think that it's time for me to cut the teasing and put up a face. It's obvious that I have to act as Jun's bodyguard properly at this very moment. The moment we went pass those group of men a while back, I can feel them staring at our backs. And I'm the type of person who hates being stared at secretly, as in, without me knowing. I am nervous; hell I'll be lying if I say I'm not. I could get arrested, killed or captured by mobsters if things went to shit from here. But I'm confident that things won't go wrong tonight, I mean, it's only a meeting right? There's no need for highly trained guards carrying weapons around, right?

But,

I was wrong. Oh so very wrong.

Two men dressed in suits and what seemed to be a thicker and way bigger version of a body armor than the one Jun's wearing under his coat went by us. They are equipped with guns that I couldn't identify due to my lack of knowledge, but I know that those guns are at least automatic rifles. As we walked further, the more stares that we earned. I'm sure that we are being followed right now; I don't have to turn around and see to know.

Then, a man approached us. He's what you can call skinny and slippery. His very face was radiating that kind of vibe. He wore a smile, but that smile is definitely not out of pleasure. I'm willing to bet my car that he's here because he's asked to. "Aah, Junichi-kun, we've been expecting you." His eyes, even for only a second, wandered all the way over me. "…I see that you have someone to accompany you. Is he one of your father's men? He seems too young to be one though…"

Realizing that something has to be done, Jun's first reaction was to bow and introduce me to the man. "Yes, yes he is. He's a special case, in fact, he's starting today." Huh? "His presence here is also a test if he's competent to join the group or not." Wait, wait, wait… so that's my back story? How… uncool.

The man did not say anything, it would be wise to say that he's analyzing me. Then his smile returned. "I see. If that is what Lord Takahiro desires then there's nothing could be done. I just hope that your… bodyguard… knows when to react or behave?" for a moment, that look he's sending me is like a scalpel jabbed into my shoulder. Hurting and frightening.

"Of course." Was the reply that came from Jun.

"Very well, now, I'm sure that you can't wait to meet Mai-sama right away." He said almost giddily. "Please, follow me." He gestured before walking. Jun and I were prompted to follow after the man, after all, he's the one who appears to be in charge around here. The hallway that we are currently walking was quite long. My guess is that our destination is a room to very last of the hallway. And give me that beer Sally, I was right. The double door that leads to the room is in fact, huge. I would say that it's bullet resistant too… the fact that it's darker than most of the doors that we went by in the hallway suggested that it's made from hardwood, not to mention, when added by the sheer thickness of the wood, it's almost bullet resistant.

But I'm not going to just try and shoot the door to see if it is or not, that'll be an invitation of getting shot myself.

"Here it is, the party is inside. Mai-sama will be pleased to meet you, Junichi-kun. I hope that you two have a nice time together." I swear to God that he frowned a little bit when he laid his eyes upon me. "…But I am sorry to say that your… companion must wait outside. It's better if your interaction with Mai-sama to not be disturbed."

I glared silent at him.
