"…Yup, yes you do."

"Awesome."

DING

…goes the elevator. Or, as my human brain would translate, a sign that the doors are now opened. I stepped out carefully outside, followed by Jun who is having a rather tensed and mixed up expression going on. Well, I can't really blame the guy for being nervous. I mean, a virgin meeting a girl is like a believer meeting God Himself, right?"

"…For some reason, I want to, like, hit you very hard right now."

"Now, now. You can't do that. See," I gestured silently to a group of men dressed in fancy suits standing and no doubt conversing amongst each other meters beyond us. "those guys aren't from your group, right? Which means that they're from your fiancée's. Keep up the expression, don't want them to know that you're being edgy…boss."

"Urgh…"

…everybody hear that sound? Bitch got served.

Anyway, I think that it's time for me to cut the teasing and put up a face. It's obvious that I have to act as Jun's bodyguard properly at this very moment. The moment we went pass those group of men a while back, I can feel them staring at our backs. And I'm the type of person who hates being stared at secretly, as in, without me knowing. I am nervous; hell I'll be lying if I say I'm not. I could get arrested, killed or captured by mobsters if things went to shit from here. But I'm confident that things won't go wrong tonight, I mean, it's only a meeting right? There's no need for highly trained guards carrying weapons around, right?

But,

I was wrong. Oh so very wrong.

Two men dressed in suits and what seemed to be a thicker and way bigger version of a body armor than the one Jun's wearing under his coat went by us. They are equipped with guns that I couldn't identify due to my lack of knowledge, but I know that those guns are at least automatic rifles. As we walked further, the more stares that we earned. I'm sure that we are being followed right now; I don't have to turn around and see to know.

Then, a man approached us. He's what you can call skinny and slippery. His very face was radiating that kind of vibe. He wore a smile, but that smile is definitely not out of pleasure. I'm willing to bet my car that he's here because he's asked to. "Aah, Junichi-kun, we've been expecting you." His eyes, even for only a second, wandered all the way over me. "…I see that you have someone to accompany you. Is he one of your father's men? He seems too young to be one though…"

Realizing that something has to be done, Jun's first reaction was to bow and introduce me to the man. "Yes, yes he is. He's a special case, in fact, he's starting today." Huh? "His presence here is also a test if he's competent to join the group or not." Wait, wait, wait… so that's my back story? How… uncool.

The man did not say anything, it would be wise to say that he's analyzing me. Then his smile returned. "I see. If that is what Lord Takahiro desires then there's nothing could be done. I just hope that your… bodyguard… knows when to react or behave?" for a moment, that look he's sending me is like a scalpel jabbed into my shoulder. Hurting and frightening.

"Of course." Was the reply that came from Jun.

"Very well, now, I'm sure that you can't wait to meet Mai-sama right away." He said almost giddily. "Please, follow me." He gestured before walking. Jun and I were prompted to follow after the man, after all, he's the one who appears to be in charge around here. The hallway that we are currently walking was quite long. My guess is that our destination is a room to very last of the hallway. And give me that beer Sally, I was right. The double door that leads to the room is in fact, huge. I would say that it's bullet resistant too… the fact that it's darker than most of the doors that we went by in the hallway suggested that it's made from hardwood, not to mention, when added by the sheer thickness of the wood, it's almost bullet resistant.

But I'm not going to just try and shoot the door to see if it is or not, that'll be an invitation of getting shot myself.

"Here it is, the party is inside. Mai-sama will be pleased to meet you, Junichi-kun. I hope that you two have a nice time together." I swear to God that he frowned a little bit when he laid his eyes upon me. "…But I am sorry to say that your… companion must wait outside. It's better if your interaction with Mai-sama to not be disturbed."

I glared silent at him.

Jun looked at me with an uneasy expression. He scratched the back of his head, looking unsure. "Are you sure that you won't mind waiting outside, Rei?" he asked me.

I shrugged in reply. "I don't mind." I leaned in, tapping him on the shoulder. "Just make sure that you call me if things went wrong." I whispered lowly so that only the both of us could hear it. I quickly retracted myself to avoid further suspicion. Giving Jun a mock salute, I dismiss myself from him. Jun and the person who appears to be in charge went inside the room. For a moment, I could see and hear the party sensation. It's one of those parties for the rich; good thing I didn't went in.

Speaking of going in… something is definitely suspicious. And it's not because I don't like the way that guy's been staring at me ever since we met him. My paranoia is getting the better of me. Dammit. I need to get access inside the room. I looked around, just an empty hallway filled with men dressed in suits and equipped with automatic guns. I can see people from Jun's group being ushered away by a different group of men. Suspicious…

"Oi, oi… lay off of us, kay? What the hell did we do wrong?" one person, dressed in a black and red formal attire growled at a man wearing a black and blue attire. "We're just heading inside for some fun."

"I'm sorry but it seems you punk don't understand the rules here, ze." The man dressed in black and blue is bald and rather heavy built. "Parties are for guests only, you lot might be guests but you're not the official guests here oi."

The reply seemed to have made the man in red even more irritated. "Why you little…"

Okay, so Jun was right on his family not being in good terms with his fiancée's family. If their henchmen are arguing amongst each other, he can't imagine what it would be like within the higher ups. The more I'm thinking, the stranger the conclusion I'm coming to. If Jun's father wanted to establish a good relationship with Mai-san's group by marrying his son to Mai-san, then… won't that be not beneficial in terms of power?

I didn't know who offered the marriage thing first, but if Jun's not looking forward to it so much, I'll have to take a guess that it's Jun's father who offered first. From what I could see, Jun himself is nervous about this whole marriage interview charade. And come on, marriage interviews are supposed to be done privately; it's a standard Japanese custom. Then why on earth would they rent an entire five starred hotel and held a party just for that? Not to mention, the high security going on… those men with the high tech weapons are definitely not from Jun's group either.

I don't like this… I need to get inside… easier said than done. My thinking has brought me the disadvantage. There are now two tall and burly men guarding the front door. They are guarding the doors like those Chinese stone lion dogs thing. Something tells me opening the door itself will be a hard task… I can't do anything from where I'm at.

Jun… I hope that you're safe buddy.

As the son of a mafia crime lord, Jun is used to this kind of atmosphere that surrounded him. People of the wealthy status gathering, wasting both time and money just for the sake of showing off their wealth… for him, that's stupid. Even with his father's status, Jun never really cared if he was gifted with a wealthy life; he didn't care even for a bit. A life like this, where every day is spent by meeting new people, marriage interviews just so that his father could keep up his appearance… it's a boring life.

But things ceased to become boring when he interacted with his classmate at university, Rei. That guy is a mystery… a real mystery. They never really talk much even in campus, much less interact. It seems that his boring life was changed when Rei made that call weeks ago about that favor. His life had changed so much, so much that it came to the point of getting himself nearly killed a few weeks back. That sense of panic he felt, it's… it's… exciting!

Now, he'd gone as far as to ask Rei to accompany him into this event; deep inside, he knew that he couldn't trust anyone except for that guy… What could he say? The guy saved him from that incident, and the guy's apparently interesting to talk to. He'd never got to socialize or get to know a person like that… no fake smiles, no one calling him in his father's name… Rei sees him as him. An idiot with thick pockets.

"Judging from the smile you're making, I take it that you are enjoying the party, Junichi-kun?" the man who was leading him suddenly asked. Junichi didn't realize that he had been smiling since before. Then, the man sighed. "I sincerely apologize if you don't. We are not able to book a more proper hotel for this event."

"Ah, it's fine. I was actually wondering what the party's all about… I mean, I'm here for a marriage interview, right?" Junichi asked uneasily.

"You are right. But it would be a waste to not celebrate Mai-sama's meeting with her soon to be husband, is that not?" The older man chuckled. "Both Lord Takahiro had discussed with Mai-sama's father that your interview should be under the cover of a party, it would make us meeting less suspicious to be… opposing parties."

Jun could easily guess that 'opposing parties' translates to both the police and rival families… but still… this man is from a rival family too, isn't that like a contradiction? Maybe he's thinking about it too much but that didn't get the feeling of uneasiness off.

The two figures walked across the party, evading the crowds that might gather over them. Security is putting constant watch of the two, making it impossible for intruders to sneak through. They end up at the other end of large ballroom, where a door is present. The man who is leading Jun got the two thugs who were guarding the door to open them to let them through; Jun found himself in another set of hallway, this one with a tighter security.

As Jun walks, he begins to grow uneasy. Are armored personnel even necessary… was the thought that went along his head when he passed by a few men equipped with ballistic costume. Something is definitely wrong… he must call Rei at once. But how? He doesn't want to put suspicion on him. Jun hoped that Rei is thinking of something right now…

With a certain main character…

"Guh… this air vent smells a dead rat…eew… what the— Oh fuck! I just crawled on a dead rat!"

…But sadly, not a single fuck was given to our hero.

Back with Jun…

Gulping really hard, Jun masked the uneasy face with a laugh. "Then wouldn't it be better if we held it at the compound then?" he asked with barely contained nervousness. As they went pass two men equipped with automatic weapons who stood guard along the hallways, Jun could feel his sense of awareness arising. It seemed that he has to have a change of priority; he'll just say hi and leave instantly. This atmosphere is just too groundbreaking for the Yakuza heir…

"Oho, that would indeed be a better choice than holding an event like this." The scrawny attendant nodded in agreement. "But Mai-sama's father suggested to your father that it would be more…neutral if we do this in a public area." He pointed out with a finger raised.

'Though it seems like this area isn't so public anymore…' Jun thought to himself silently.

"Also," the attendant resumed. "today is Mai-sama's birthday. So there's no wrong in holding a party in guise of the actual event, no?" the scrawny man half asked half laughed.

Wait… if today is her birthday, then doesn't that mean—the reason that this place was so secure; was only due to that reason? There's no backstabbing and secret mafia conspiracy going on behind the screen? Jun resisted the urge to do a major face palm right where he's at, he had been too paranoid all along! Looks like Rei was right after all… still… there's no wrong in him to worry, because if all of these men are all for the birthday, then he couldn't even imagine what would the family compound of this Mai chick is like.

"Well, Junichi-kun, Mai-sama is waiting inside." Their walk comes to an end eventually. Right in front of Jun is a double door that definitely is the place where this Mai chick is waiting. With the sweat dripping from his forehead, and the moistening of his palm… Jun's showing signs of obvious nervousness. The college student gulped, trying his best not to look stupid. Even if he's not looking forward to this, he still represents his family.

With a shaky hand, the teen gripped the handles of the doors; too tensed to push them open. But once he finally got a grip on himself, he managed to open them. He stepped into the room, and it was not like any room he expected it to be. He was kind of expecting a hotel room or something, a meeting room even. But instead, he's greeted by a bar. Yes, a bar. This is a hotel for God's sake… there isn't any private bars originally. So they managed to transform this room into a dimly light bar with a man standing over the counter shaking the mixer.

But aside from the overall ambience that strikes him, Jun's gaze was fixed on a slender figure sitting on one of the bar stools. The figure has a long flowing black hair that went down to her waist. The person is definite a girl, otherwise she won't have those slim hips that she's showing bare with no cover at all. In Jun's mind, the first thing that enters, was the fact that this must be his fiancée. There' no doubt. It's too obvious. Blinking, the son of the Yakuza Lord could only stand there, not knowing what to do.

Suddenly, smooth and calming music started to play; making the atmosphere and ambience lighter. At the same time, a soft female voice—no doubt belonging to the sitting female—spoke. "Come here. Sit with me." To Jun's ears, the voice was more…open than what he imagined her having. He figured that she would be putting up an act to look polite in front of him; but it looks compliments and proper ethics are not that minded here.

And just like as the woman proposed, Jun took an available and the only available stool—aside from the one the girl's sitting on—next to her. Jun rested his hands on top of the wooden bar table's furface. He couldn't bring himself to even look at the girl's face. He's sweating and it's getting worse.

"Tell me."

The boy flinched.

"Tell me… are you really looking forward on marrying me?"

…Jun wasn't expecting that kind of question from her. before he could even ask why she's asking that kind of question, she spoke again. "Don't worry. We can talk freely here." Jun looked at the bar tender; and it seemed that the working man knows what his job is. Still… that doesn't make this a lot easier than before.

"To be honest…" Jun started. "I don't." he mentally face palmed himself for the blunt reply. But there's no taking back what he had said; and he decided that he'll speak as his heart desires, he'll speak and be honest about how he's feeling. "But this was all foreseeable… I mean, I was just expecting when this will happen just a few days ago." The teen confessed uncaringly.

"Hmph." The lady beside him snorted in what seems to be amusement. With the glass of wine she's holding on one hand, she looked as if she's been drinking the alcoholic beverage ever since she got here. "What a coincidence… I thought the same too. You are right, Junichi Takahiro-kun… this is foreseeable. But tell me, what are the chances of us not getting what we do not want?"

Jun grimaced. "Nil. We always get what we want… because—"
