She took the honor to finish the statement for him. "We're different from normal people." Mai finished with a final tone.

Jun couldn't have said it better… she is right. Him, her… they're not normal people. Being in a family like they're in is both a gift and a curse. At an early age, people view you as nothing more than a decoration; an accessory to be shown off in front of people. At an older age, people expect great things from you; even if they couldn't care less about your achievement. All they care about was what you could achieve.

…Some people are just like that.

"So, Junichi-kun, what do you say about all of this?" Mai asked, her attention still focused on the glass she's holding. "Will you still remain as an accessory to your father, or will you be a person of your own?"

Jun bit his lower lip. "I…" the son of the Yakuza Lord began. "I don't know. A part of me wants to stay true to myself, to be what I wanna be. But another part keeps on telling me to not betray my family." He tightened his grip his arm. "That man, no matter who he is, is still my father. I'd be a bad son if I don't meet his expectations…" A small and humorless chuckle escapes his mouth. "A friend of mine actually told me to come and meet you, and I actually considered it. It's just…weird. When dad asked me, I rejected him without even thinking. But when he said it… it actually got me thinking. Maybe… maybe that's the person who I want to be. I want to be a person who has friends like him."

"So that's all that you want? Friends?"

Jun nodded his head without hesitation. A small smile appeared on his face. "Yeah. I want a friend who'll take on crazy jobs that I offer him. I want friends who'll drag my butt while in the middle of a Yakuza gunfight." His voice gradually becomes louder and more open. "I want a friend who'll be there for me, and for my friends and my friend's friends…" then he let out a mirthless laugh. "That's a silly ambition, yeah? Friends…" he sighed the last word out with a content expression on his face.

"…"

Meanwhile…

"C'mon… just.. through… here!" upon finding an exit vent that leads through—what I assume—the backstage of the ballroom; I immediately kick the vent off from its hinges, before exiting out of that God forsaken rat grave… God… and they say alternative routes are always the best. Anyway, I need to find Jun. I'm in an empty hallway with several doors on one side of the hall. There are signs written on the room; VIP room, makeup room etc… but the problem is, I doubt that that bastard will be in the VIP room. I mean, come on, it's so obvious.

So thinking fast and simple, I pulled out my phone and I press on the dial. The sound of the phone trying to connect itself with another reached my ears, in other words, the beeping noise.

"Hello?"

"Hey! Jun! Where the fuck are you man?"

"What's wrong? I'm still in here. In fact, you're interrupting right now."

"What, really? Anyway, that's not important—"

"You little shit."

"No, hear this! I saw some of the men—your father's men—being ushered out from the party, I don't know if that's a normal or what, but they looked like they're ready to get on each other's neck."

"Really?" finally he's serious. "Wait a moment." From this point, the call is on hold. I could hear mumbling, but I can't exact hear what Jun is saying. "Okay, we can talk now—now what's this about getting on each other's neck? Where are you?"

"I'm in the backstage hallway, I think."

"You think? Man… be clearer, I can't exactly get what you're talking about if you give me that kind of answer."

This guy… I quickly make my way outside the hallway, onto an open area with a clear view of outside. The night skyscraper of Tokyo greets me. Oh look, there's Tokyo tower… man, I can't believe I get to see it this close. "Okay, I changed my location. I'm in a…some sort of open space," I look around, looking for several attractions that might give Jun a clue as to where my position is at. "there are escalators, and I got a good view outside."

"Oh, that's near where I'm at!" The guy's been to this place before, no surprises there. "Just go back to where you were before, I'm in the VIP room."

.

.

.

"YOU'RE THERE ALL ALONG?!" He'd been there all along?! I just literally went pass that room five minutes ago! "Why didn't you say that before? Dammit… fine, I'll go there, you sit tight. I don't know how things will go—OH SHIT!"

Then, explosions.

With Jun…

"OH SHIT!"

"Rei? Rei!?" Jun shouted to his phone. Then, a loud explosion rang through the hallways, shaking the building in a slight tremor. Jun pocketed his phone immediately, returning to Mai.

"What happened?!" the female asked with panic in her voice. "What is happening?"

Jun shook his head. "I-I don't know! Anyway, we have to get out from here. I eh…have a friend who noticed something weird going on and he's definitely in trouble!" Jun turned towards the door, kicking it open. "Come on! Let's find him and then going out from here!"

At the urgency of his voice and the situation, Mai could only agree. The two exited the room and made their way to the long hallway. Jun's first objective was to find his friend. He ran towards the direction where he thought Rei would be, but when he reached the place, the floor's collapsing and rubbles of pillars and walls are everywhere. They're in the top floor! And if this random explosions were to continue, the building will collapse!

"Rei! Rei! Where are you dammit!" Jun searched around the rubbles, desperately searching for his friend. He pushed some pieces of buildings away, digging and searching everywhere. But it was to no effort. Rei was nowhere to be found. "Fuck!" Jun cursed loudly and openly. "If only I hadn't let him separate…! Rei! Where the fuck are you goddamit!"

Jun tripped when another explosion occurred, Mai was trying her best to keep calm and composed. With his heart beating faster than usual, Jun decided to not do anything before finding his friend.

"Rei! Where are you!?"

"H-H-HERE!"

Jun immediately turned towards the source of voice that he heard. "REI!" He ran, ignoring the sound of gunshots coming from the ballroom. He needed to be quick, people will start to flood this place and getting out from here will be a lot harder. He saw his friend, trapped underneath a collapsed pillar, rendering his legs useless. With all his might, Jun tried to push the pillar off from Rei with the help of Mai but to no avail.

"Shit! It won't budge!" Jun cursed through clenched teeth.

"U-Urghh!" Rei gritted his teeth, trying to hold the sensation of pain that he's feeling on legs. If he's like this any longer, he'll be a cripple! "J-Jun! One more time! I-I-I'll crawl out this time! On three…! One, two, threeeee!" the two men and a woman lifted the pillar with their strength. Rei hastily crawled out from the pillar, slowly and pained.

"Rei! You okay there man!" Jun helped his friend to his feet, slinging an arm over his shoulder.

"Urhg…my leg's…I can't feel them." He winced. "Look, we need to get out from here, Jun."

"Y-Yeah, but how…? I heard gunshots and all of that…"

Indeed. True to Jun's words, the gunshots that the mafia heir heard earlier was getting louder and more intense. It was then where the fairest of the three decided to speak. "W-What's going on?! What's happening!?"

Rei, despite his pained state, decided to speak. "Look…you're Mai, yeah? Listen. I've been seeing and hearing that your father's men gathering 'round Jun's men and tellin' them to not enter the party. It should be obvious now…." He winced, this time louder.

"Are you saying that my family's betraying the Takahiro's!?" the girl asked in pure disbelief and shock.

"I can't say 'nything! Look! Let's just get out from here and get as far as we can, yeah?"

Jun agreed. "Yeah. But how are we gonna do that? You can barely walk…"

Rei pulled out something from his coat, a certain item that he was not looking forward to use. "We'll have to fight our way out." Before Jun could object, Rei stopped him. "There's no other way. We can't trust anyone, not even your own groups. Look. You want to live, you follow me and do what I'll say without bitchin', understand?"

The two mafia heir and heiress could not do anything other than to accept the only solution to escape this disaster.

"Jun, since I can't walk properly just as you've said, you'll be helping me. I'll deal with anyone who comes near and you, missy, you stay behind us and don't get shot. Clear?" he received two silent nods. "Good, now, let's go. Through the east hallway, we'll get to the stairs from there."

Jun and Mai gave Rei a nod, before proceeding on to where Rei had told them to go all the while with Jun carrying the limping man. They reached a door with a sign that indicated that this hallway was the east hallway. Jun kicked open the door, but was surprised at the scenery that greeted him.

"Holy shit!"

The entire floor was collapsing! Rei clicked his tongue. Why must things like this happen all the time? "Jun! We can get to the other side safely if we stay in the sidelines. Mai, you go first and be careful." He looked at the girl who was surprised.

"W-What?! I'll fall!" she shouted in certainty.

"No you won't. Just be careful!"

Though hesitant, Mai still did what she was asked to. Due to her light figure, she managed to get halfway across. She made some early calls here and there, but managed to keep her footing on the edge. Flinching when she felt the floor below her crack, she picked up her pacing and jumped towards the other end of the hall.

"Made it!" she shouted towards the two men.

"Good!" now here's the real problem. He can't cross over by himself due to the state he's in, and he also won't be able to cross with Jun at the same time. Looking around, he saw a door that leads to one of the room in the hallway. "Mai! We're going to go over using the rooms so sit tight and wait for us!"

"WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME TO USE THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE?!"
