

"How… how did you?..." shock, surprise… call it whatever you might want. Remilia was not expecting a question like that. I have to know that she is new in all this situation, explaining the whole thing to her quickly will just cause more questions to arise quickly. It's not like I mind answering them, in fact she deserves them and I too think that I myself deserve some, but it'll be better if this were to be talked about nicely and peacefully. This is a vampire I'm talking to. Not a nine year old girl. Or to be more exact, I'm currently talking to a vampire who's over than a hundred years old with a body of a nine year old.

I raised my hand. "It's best if we discuss this later—" she did not let me finish my statement. I did not have the time to react in the slightest. Before I knew it, I'm getting strangled by a small yet ridiculously strong hand. I struggled under the hold, choking while struggling to move my hands so that I could make her let go. Unfortunately, it's easier said than done. Her strength's off the chart. I can't match her. She's too strong. I gritted my teeth, holding back the pain in a way that I can. My eyes found themselves staring into a pair of angry and rage filled ruby eyes. I swear to all that is holy that I nearly pissed my pants at that very moment.

"Enough babbling mortal. Speak, now." I instinctively swallowed, but unable to do so due to the force she's applying on my throat. She harshly lets go of my throat and I immediately stumble back a few steps to safety. I caressed my neck, easing the pain. I panted. That was some scary shit… she's angry, I know. But how should I answer her… if I were to answer wrongly, who knows what might she do to me? Death is a guarantee, I know.

I gulped down, still nervous and scared. Eventually, I managed to make myself firm. I stared into her eyes, seeing her deep red angry slit eyes glaring back at me alone was a challenge itself. I swear, I'm seeing the devil right now. Think… think… ah! Footsteps, thank you God! I coughed, trying to fake a calm posture. In the inside, I'd be lying if I'm saying that I'm not shaking in the slightest.

"The nurse is coming, and I'm sure that your friend would like to hear about this too." I explained as straight and convincing as I can, in hopes of convincing her. Before Remilia could give me an answer, the nurse stepped into the waiting area through the door, making me let out a breath of relief. This way, Remilia can't just shank me alive in the middle of the hospital. At least not without getting rid of the witness, but I doubt she'll actually do that.

At the sight of the nurse, Remilia focuses her attention on her instead of me. I too began walking, approaching the two females. "Woman." Remilia refers to the nurse, surprising the attendant. "How is my friend, is she fine?" there's no surprise if she's concerned about her friend… Patche or something.

"She is fine." The nurse's reply caused Remilia's worry to disappear instantly. But that doesn't make mine gone. Actually, I'm even more worried right now. How am I going to explain this to two people who are literally able to shoot fireballs at me and drain me dry of my blood at the same time? I know that whoever this Patche person is a magician, if that's what I could recall on the story that Sakuya-san told me.

The nurse resumed her explanation. "Your friend's just exhausted, she must have been spending way too much time outside." I don't know why, but I felt like laughing at that moment. "It's not really recommendable to let her out of the hospital as soon as possible… she has asthma and getting exposed to dust and other harmful particles will only make her condition worse." So in short, Patche is not good to leave the hospital yet… great.

"That will be fine. I have our caretaker to look after us."

Yeah, that's rig- wait. I'm a what?!

I blinked. "Ooof!" Guh!... elbows sure can hurt you worse than a punch… in pain, I managed to smile convincingly. "Y-Yeah… I'm there caretaker… I'm Rei, and uh… I was told to take care of them until further notice." I reasoned and lied at the same time. My poor stomach…

"Is that so? I see… then, you could go and visit your friend if you'd like. Here, let me show you her room."

"Thank you." I mean it. If I were to stay here longer, I'm not sure if I could handle the glare that is currently directed at me courtesy of the vampire beside me. So the nurse leads us towards Patche's room. I'm sure that the hospital is well funded, so why the hell must they make the hallways so very long yet there are only about seven to eight rooms in this section? Or maybe, the room's big enough to match even a hotel… hm… curious.

Eventually, we reached Patche's room. Upon entering, Remilia immediately rushes up to her friend's side, grasping the girl's hand with a worried expression on her face. "Oh Patche… are you okay? Are you still hurt? Did those people did anything to you? I swear I'll…"

"Uh… can you please…" for the both my and the nurse's comfort, I excused the nurse out of the room.

"Of course. Please press the button over there if you need help." The nurse said one last time before exiting the room for good. I sighed.

I shifted my attention back to the two girls again, this time I'm intending to get things done.

"I'm fine Remi… they didn't do anything to me. In fact, I'm better now." The pajama wearing girl said with a tube in her nostrils. Her purple eyes found themselves aimed at me, which is about time considering that I've been here for about a minute now. "And… I'm sure that this person is allowed to be here?"

Remilia answer in my stead. "Yes. He's the one who brought you here." She answered. "And guess what, he knows where Flandre and Sakuya are! Isn't it great Patche? Now we don't have to spend a lot of time in here." Her attitude for her friend's different from the one she's showing me. Can't say it's unfair, but it is. Suddenly, she turned at me and glare. I was not surprised anymore, in fact, I'm expecting this. "Now continue what you have to say human, lest you want to end up with a hole on where your heart is…"

See?

Completely tsundere. And it's not cute too.

Begrudgingly, I speak. I spill all the beans, revealing all the facts. Well, I did keep a certain incident and dinner to myself, since Remilia has no need to know about that. But aside from those, I tell her everything I know. They seem to be taking it well—I guess? Since they are quiet throughout the entire explanation, I'm not sure if they are paying attention or trying to store the information that they've learned into their brain. I can't blame though… me, a complete stranger, suddenly knowing these things… it's anything if not suspicious.

And true to my thoughts, Remilia narrowed her eyes at me. I can feel the intensity of the glare, but I'm not affected by it as much as before because she's been doing it ever since before. "Is that all? Are you hiding anything else?" she asked if not demanded. Again, I can't really blame her in a situation like this. She has all the right to be suspicious on me, but knowing what she is, I'll be dead if I were to carry that kind of impression around her for a little longer.

I shook her head, looking as honest as I can. "No. I'm not hiding anything else. I could take you to your sister and maid right now in fact." I said casually.

.

.

.

"Let's go." Surprisingly, that's Patche.

"I agree."

And surprisingly, so do I.

"Whoa…"

I chuckled to myself. Who would've thought that a vampire of Remilia's status would be easily impressed by cars and tall buildings? Still, I could actually see why she's so amazed. This Gensokyo, or wherever she came from, is probably different than modern Japan. Both Sakuya-san and Flandre were like that too when they first came here. I tapped unto the steering wheel, my focus still on the road ahead. The last thing I want is for me to not pay attention and pay the price, both in money and life.

We are driving home, obviously. I don't really think that I'll still be alive if I kept Remilia from meeting those two at home. Speaking of those two… they might be worried. I did left in the middle of the night after all, without saying anything. I would call home, but I don't have a landline, nor do I Sakuya-san own a phone. Perhaps it might be a good idea to either get a landline or a phone for Sakuya-san… or maybe both. As I was thinking, I fail to notice the attention given to me by the purple haired passenger.

"Say… you don't look like you're from here. Yet you are familiar about this place…?" I'm surprised to hear the question coming from Patche, then again… I remember hearing that she's someone who is easily interested in new things from Sakuya-san.

"Yup. I'm not originally from here." I answered, letting out a small chuckle. "I'm half Italian and Turkish, my father is the former while my mother is the latter. Though I was raised in the south east, I've been to my mother's and father's hometown before. But that was a long time ago… I've decided to resume my study here in Japan for a change of pace." I said.

"Hm… is that so?" Patche muttered. "That explains your accent. I knew that it is somewhat familiar…"

I rubbed the back of my head with one hand. "Aha, is that so?" well, I did have people telling me that I have a rather thick accent. But this is the first time someone has asked me a question like this ever since a very long time. My time in Japan has somewhat made my speech pattern more natural than the first time I came here, I honestly don't know if it's for the better or worse. Seeing a situation like this, I'd say that this is for the better.

In an instant, it's back to the quiet and somewhat awkward atmosphere. God… I feel so tense sitting here while driving, I better do something. I reached for the radio, turning it on in hopes of lifting the mood with a light music. But instead of what I was hoping for, I was given another alternative. Instead of a slow, orchestral music, the station tuned into a hard rock styled punk metallica whaddayalada thinginabob.

I shut it down immediately. Well, so much for trying to make things less awkward…

"Uh…" I struggled to strike up a conversation. "Look, we're almost there." Not a really good thing to say at this moment, considering that we still have about fourteen minutes before arriving at the neighborhood I'm living in.

So the remaining trip was quiet as it was before, I drive inside a familiar looking parking area. I lead my two guests to the place where I'm living, and Remilia is eager to get this whole thing over with. Upon reaching my doorstep, I was surprised, along with Remilia and Patche, by the sudden opening of my apartment door. A short figure came rushing out from the door, and I soon hit the ground on my back with a weight on top of me.

"Onii-san, you're back! We were so worried, you didn't even—huh?" fortunately, the person who is on top of me could not finish her statement. If she could, I don't know what kind of death I'll be facing. Flandre turned her head, drawn in at a particular face that is her sister.

"Hello, Flandre."

It's going to be a long… night.

Ever heard the saying, 'hell hath no fury like a woman scorned'? If so, then they might need to change that statement. Hell hath no fury like a pissed off Remilia. Even if she's not showing any signs of anger or rage, I can still feel her fury leaking from her person. I have to keep myself from shivering. Staring at someone had never been so hard, but when it comes to Remilia… it's like looking at air.

"So… it's like that… Onii-san~?" her glare got deeper, way deeper.

"Please on all that is holy don't ever call me that." You can call me a shitty bum for all I care, but not that.

She dismissed the matter just like dust. "Hmph." If that wasn't arrogance, then I don't know what it is. But despite the way she acts, I know that Remilia is having a hard time taking in what Flandre and I have just explained. To her, it might sound like total nonsense, but I'm sure that the proof of Flandre being here alone is enough.

"Then… where's my maid?"

…I was getting to that.

Yes, her maid. My girlfriend, Sakuya-san. I gulped. If I was nervous before, I don't know what to call it now. If Remilia finds out about me and Sakuya-san…

"Oi, I was asking." Her crimson eyes stared at me with mild irritation.

"I don't know… I mean, I wasn't here…?" I tried speaking slowly.

"Ah!" The little vampire exclaimed. Not Remilia mind you. "She's searching for Onii-san, because he didn't return home and she got worr-hmmmphmhm!" I slapped my hand on the brat's mouth, to prevent her from digging my grave deeper than what it is now. I gave her a look. Then she realized. "Ah… eh… I mean that… Sakuya is not here because she got lost…?"

Yup, not suspicious one bit.

In all honesty, I was prepared to get struck down at this very moment. But Remilia chose to stare and be quiet, maybe hiding her irritation away. I can tell that she suspects something, but I'm not sure if she's keen on showing it either. I mean, she has all the rights to suspect me from—everything! I mean look: me, a grown young adult living together with two women who happens to be her sister and her maid. If I were to be put on Remilia's shoes, I'd go paranoid.

The blue haired vampire is calm. Her gaze mostly kept at me; stern and flat. She suddenly sighed, shaking her head momentarily. "Tell me, do you think I am a fool?"

Well shit.

"I am fully aware that you are hiding something from me." Her gaze grew sharper. "Both of you. And I could ask you two nicely to tell me where my maid is…" next is literal nightmare fuel. "or I could take you two on a trip to hell before asking, hmm?"

"She's outside looking for me/him." The both of us said at the same time.

Remilia raised an eyebrow. "Oh and why is that? Why would my maid, so perfect and elegant, would be looking for someone like you?" her question's directed at me, which means that I must answer her. The ticking of clock has never been so loud before, Flandre is definitely staring at me silently giving encouragement. I appreciate her support, but they say a support is useless if it doesn't help. Sorry Flanny Flan, you're not helping.

"Uh…" thinking, I find a very reasonable excuse without exposing anything of my relationship with the maid. "It's because I'm the host. Yeah, that's right!" whoops, nearly lost it there. "Ahem. Obviously, it's because I'm their host." My voice managed to sound even, as if I'm trying to prove a point. "Not to mention, Sakuya-san is only familiar with the local streets, and other sorts of needed knowledge there is in this environment. What if my landowner came into the room? That will be really, really troublesome."

Remilia stared at me for a few minutes. Before shrugging her shoulders. "I see. Very well then, now… I need to know another thing."

What is it now…?

She pointed a finger at her sister, Flandre, who points a finger at herself. "Eh, me?" the blonde vampire asked out as if it wasn't obvious enough that she's going to be the subject of the topic. "What's wrong with me?"

And Remilia's more than happy to point that out. "Why is my sister wearing a different set of clothes?"

… At that question, I'm not sure if I can answer her without telling the full details. After all, it's been weeks after… that happens. Remilia seems to have noticed the silence that Flandre and I emitted. She taps the tabletop with her finger, wanting an answer. "Answer me. Why is my sister wearing different clothing?"

In the back of my mind, I'm prepared to answer her, creating lies and false answers. False, but mostly believable. But Flandre beat me to it by speaking first. "When I got here… I was assaulted."

CRACK CRSSSH

…There goes my glass.

"I'm sorry, could you repeat that little sister?"

Flandre stares at her big sister with huge teary eyes, her expression barely holding up. "I-I was assaulted! I was nearly violated!"

"By who?!" Remilia demanded, shaking the entire building from the tone of her voice. "By this man?!" she pointed a finger at me, causing me to flinch and jump back in alarm.

"No!" Flandre shouted in reply, her voice nearly cracking. "Onii-san wasn't the one who assaulted me. He saved me from those people!."
