The knife returned, unlike before, it brought along one of its friends, making it two knives implanted on the table. I saw the owner of said knives shaking slightly, I can't tell whether she's angry or what. But what I know is that if I don't explain myself, I'd be minced meat for sure. "Wait, this is a real dinner here I'm talking about! Not that kind of dinner! Hey, please believe me!" defending myself has never been so hard…

She still stood there unmoving, though she is shaking. I relaxed myself, realizing why she's like this. Sighing, I move my hand to grab a hold of hers. My Sakuya-san is lovely after all…

"Don't worry, we will only talk." I started softly. "I don't want things to go the way it is… that is why I'm hoping to talk things out with Remilia." My other hand went for her cheeks, brushing off the tears from her face. "Don't cry, okay? We'll have our dinner soon if things work out with your chibi master." I grinned, trying to reassure her.

"…Only if things work out?"

"Hah. I'll still take you out whether things worked out or not." I gripped her hands tighter; taking off my hand from her face, I grab her hands with both of mine."I'll try my best, I don't want us to end this way after all…" I whispered the last part so that only the both of us could hear. Sakuya-san looked down, avoiding my gaze.

"…Dummy."

"I'm your dummy."

Needless to say, lunch was satisfying.

Seated on the chair with my laptop open; I am currently talking at the phone. If one were to pay attention, they would notice the fine dining advertisement in my PC's screen. "Hello? I would like to have a reservation for two. Tonight, we'll be there at seven. Um… I would like to have the special offer please. Okay, yes. Thank you too." I brought my phone off from my ear, pocketing it back in my pants.

"What are you doing?" without even looking, I could tell who the owner of the voice is. I feel something brushing up my back, trying to peek on my shoulders. I don't move, letting her do as she pleases. "Oooh… is this another form of those magic boxes or TV you have there?" Remilia has a tad bit attitude asking questions of things she's not familiar with. Not that I mind, but if this is how she'll live in here, I might have to carry an encyclopedia whenever I go out with her.

"No, it's quite different. This is a laptop, there are larger versions of this called computers. With this, I am able to surf the web, as in searching for information about general things. You could say that this is the index of the modern world." I explained briefly. There's really no use in explaining things to the point where I need to be specific; as it would only confuse her even more.

"I see… then, could you search for vampires?" She asked me. I can't tell whether she's curious or not…

"Why?" I asked, while my eyes are wandering towards to clock display on my laptop; it's four already.

"It's my right to see how the society views my lineage as of today. Don't hold me back human, just do it." Isn't she nice?

Sighing, I did as I was ordered. I opened my browser's search engine and began searching for vampires and anything related to the topic. As expected, Google really give the fastest result; especially in a place where internet connection is at the max like Japan. Immediately, pictures and related threads about vampires come to result on my screen; things like 'Vampire's Diary's' and 'Bram Stoker' also 'Vlad Tepes' and other related things.

Of course, things like this are mostly opinions, so there's no way that Remilia will believe them.

"Hm… what nonsense, we do not sparkle when contacted with direct sunlight. Our skin stings and burn; just like putting your hand on top of a candle. Of course, that is an exception for someone like me." She looks smug. That's obvious. "But seriously… almost all of the information here are nothing but lies. Take a look at this: Vampires are nocturnal creature; hence why the rest in the day in order to retain their strength. Indeed that we are most active in the night, but that doesn't mean that we sleep all day long."

Well, the more you know. Shaking my head; getting rid of all the unnecessary information I learned, I stood from my chair while closing my laptop shut all the while.

"Hey, what's the big idea?"

"Get ready, we'll be leaving in an hour." I did not need to say that twice. Remilia understood what I meant and she immediately went for the drawer. I have my clothes prepared; the formal attire that I used when I drove Jun to that cluster storm a week before. It's still clean, I had brought it to the laundry. Sakuya-san and Flandre are outside, they're going to take their bath. I told them that we'll leave while they're bathing. As for Patche… she's sleeping like a log ever since yesterday. Just how little stamina this woman has anyway?

I glanced over to the wardrobe; for a reason unknown to that even me. I was greeted by a stunning sight. Remilia is in the middle of changing her clothes, and she is currently wearing one of Flandre's dress. I snapped my head back to the other direction; my face flushed at the image that I just saw. She really is serious with this viewing me as lower than dirt and not even caring when I'm peeking at her, huh? Well, I better get used to that—not.

Deciding that it was best to not waste time, I quickly change into my own attire. It's a good thing that I'm wearing the pants already, otherwise it'll be a whole new level of awkwardness for me. I put on the top and then the black blazer afterwards, I had my shoes polished and ready for me to wear. I looked at Patche, who is still sleeping until this very moment.

I better write a note or something… grabbing a paper and pen from my bag that I had with me, I scribbled a small note for Sakuya-san and Flandre to read once they returned. Remilia and I had our bath earlier; and no, we did not take one together. I made sure that I have everything ready; wallet, phone, car keys and my pen.

"Are you done yet?" I asked the changing vampire without looking. I can still hear the sound of clothing rubbing against each other; looks like she's not done yet. Seconds later, the sound stopped. I guess that it's safe for me to look now. I turned to look at my dinner partner. The blue haired vampire is dressed in a red dress with a long red skirt; the top has a mix between red and purple and a small ribbon is tied on the waist level to keep the dress in place along with the zip on the back. Did I buy this for Flandre? If so, then I'm pretty sure that Sakuya-san was the one who chose the dress for her.

"Ufufu… how do I look? Am I captivating?" she did some poses, like stretching her arms, crossing her arms, and puffing out her nonexistent chest out. Look, while she does indeed look lovely, I don't think that it really matters. Then again… I suppose it does. If I knew Remilia, she's the type of person who shows off every single thing that she has, no matter how little of value it is.

I gave her two thumbs up along with a flat look. "You look good. Now, let's go. It's already four; we need to go somewhere else before we could have our dinner." I can't just satisfy someone of Remilia's caliber with just a dinner can I? I planned this before; we will visit the sightings around town. And by sightings I meant malls; along with some landmarks that are nearby; like the statue of Hachiko and also maybe go up the Tokyo tower.

But I doubt that we could do the last one; seeing that we might spend more time on going to malls. I just hope that she won't buy too much or something expensive… I've only got so much left. Heading over the door, I am joined by Remilia. Once we are outside, I locked the door because Patche is inside. Sakuya-san got a spare key, so I'm sure she'll be able to get inside. I've made sure so that Patche, in case if she were to wake up while we are gone, would not get hungry. We left her some leftover; the girl hasn't eaten anything since yesterday after all.

Pocketing the keys back into my pockets, I offered my hand towards the vampire who stood beside me. Her reaction was foreseeable; she was taken aback and surprised at the sudden action. "Come on, let's go." At that, she took my hand, though the smug look never did disappear from her face.

We make quick work of getting into the car; next thing we knew, we're already driving straight for the malls. I toured Remilia about the place, keeping her updated with new information regarding malls and other attractions like that. Though it might seem normal for her, Remilia is completely clueless from the stares she'd been gathering from people around us. It's more like the both of us; but I damn well know that most of the stares are directed towards her. I mean, this is a foreigner we have here. A foreigner that is dressed rather sharply and doesn't irradiate the usual aura that foreigners seem to be giving off. I guess I'm a foreigner too, not being Japanese and all that.

So after the brief tour was done, we went for the shops. This is where things started to get a little bit tiring for me. Women, no matter what race are they, are still women. They speak, walk, and shops a lot. But with Remilia, she isn't shopping. She's dragging me from shop to shop just so that we could browse the stores. She would occasionally try on some of the clothes; but she didn't demand me to buy a piece or two for her. I thought that it was weird but, I came to a having a question.

Is this the real Remilia?

Now what I'm seeing here is so much different from the Remilia I knew one day ago. This, what I have here, is a polite young lady who is acting selflessly and as elegant as she could. She's not the demanding and bratty child she was when she's at home; nor is she the impatient and stubborn scary vampire she is. She is just being a completely different person; I even pinched myself a few times just to make sure that I wasn't falling asleep while helping her shop. Wow, I'm actually wrong. Maybe Remilia is a nice person after all.

Time went by fast, our dinner's time is steadily approaching. We are in the car once again; with me driving the both of us to our destination. The air in between us in quiet, almost uncomfortable. But I think that it is better this way; seeing that I will be doing most of my conversation in the dinner. Still, I need to remember the whole point of this dinner. And that is to convince Remilia to let Sakuya-san or even Flandre stay for a longer time. I know I'm pushing it but I won't know until I try.

"Here we are." I suddenly said.

My car stopped halfway, slowing down my acceleration so that we both could take a good look of the place where we are eating. "This is the place… it seems that I have underestimated your taste in fine dining." Was the comment that she shoves down to my ears. I ignore as I drive safely to the front entrance of the restaurant, where two properly dressed men are waiting. I did not comment about her input; as though what I normally would. I decided to not kid around this time, keep things serious and all that.

I stopped the car and motions for Remilia to open the door by pointing at the door handle. We both exit the car at the same time; greeted by the two staff standing in front dressed as a proper waiter. I walked over to Remilia, extending my hand. She gave me a confused look; to which I elaborate. "Don't worry, we'll make them think that we are together in this; also, what kind of host I would be if I'm not there for my guests, hm?"

"Ufufufu… I guess you are right." Well, so much in trying to look cool for a moment. I took her hand with me, holding it by the palm. Manner's important and all but it's even more so when you are entering with a vampire who could end your life along with going inside a restaurant that has five stars in it. Not literally; I meant in ratings.

"Good evening sir, madam." Both of the people on duty greeted us with business smile sported on their faces. "Do you wish to reserve a place for further notice?" one of them asked.

I reached into my coat pocket to bring out a small paper. "I have reserved a place already," I hand over my car key to the other person. "could you please park my car for me? Make it somewhere nearby."

"Of course sir."

While that one is busy, Remilia and I are currently being directed inside of the restaurant. Now I know why they call this place as a 'fine dining' restaurant. Look at this place; huge, neat, the ambience is really different than a usual restaurant. Not to mention; the prices they charge for the foods… tables and chairs are arranged properly, similarly to any other restaurant. But looking at the décor and employees working here, I can tell that this place outdoes common family restaurant. This is, after all, one of the finest places to eat in Tokyo. I got my way here from browsing the web; also I called Jun to provide me with a heads up on the prices and facilities. Rich boy been here before…

We walked along the dining place; seeing well dressed people of a higher status eating and conversing amongst each other. I could tell that this is the norm for them; yet again, I don't really have the rights to say that aloud. I am nervous, I can't deny that. But along with this feeling of nervousness, I could imagine this turning out smoothly; at least that's what my optimistic side wants me to believe. See, I was always a person who stands in between. I try to see both the positive and negative sides of things; no matter how much I refuse to believe that such ways are possible.

Just like this situation, I began thinking. If things were to go smoothly, Sakuya-san and I could resume our relationship and Flandre could stay here longer. But if it doesn't, Sakuya-san and Flandre will both leave as soon as Patche is ready to go. Now there are a lot of other possibilities out there; but I just can't think of anything other than these two; these are the ones nearest to my prediction. I'm not going to go to an extreme level but… what are the chances of Remilia allowing Sakuya-san and Flandre to visit me like twice a month or something like that? I know that that is probably crossing it but, I just can't help but think that way.

"Here are your seats, sir, madam." The kind waiter gestured.

While I pull my own chair, Remilia has her done by the waiter, seeing that it is a part of the service. As soon as I seat, I draped over the napkin over on my laps, showing a common sign of table manner. Remilia's having it smoother than I am; she's a real lady after all. Ignoring her physique that is. Ahem, anyway, the waiter offered me a menu, and I remember that restaurants like these serves wine along with whatever menu you're having.

I opened the menu and I'm greeted with a whole load of names that I'm not familiar with. Fine dining restaurants found in Japan are built to replicate what they have in France; meaning that most of the menu here are written in France along with the romaji title underneath the French name. It's a good thing that they have the menu's description; otherwise I'll be ordering bread and butter. "I'll have the boeuf bourguignon." It's said here that it is some sort of… stew prepared in wine. Well, that's the common one here, as it is stated here on the menu.

"Then I will have what he is having, alongside your finest red wine. Make sure that it is chilled and well preserved." As expected, the woman knows what to say. It looks like I don't really have to show her how to do things here; it's more like her class in the first place. She seem pleased, maybe I was right to take her out here tonight.

"If that is all, then your order will arrive shortly." The polite gentleman bowed, before returning back to the kitchen to prepare our orders. My eyes trailed off to the far distance; taking in the constant chatter of people talking with each other. Eventually, I came eye to eye with Remilia.

"So tell me, why this all of a sudden?" the vampire stared. She folds her hand elegantly on the table. "Why this? If I remembered correctly, you're not so keen about having me anywhere near you." Her voice is, for once, serious this time. No humor, no arrogance. Just a serious curiosity.
I flicked a strand of hair that has been getting over my eye before answering her. "Why? Why can't I?" depending on that flat stare she gave me, I say she's not taking in any vague responses. Welp, it's not like I could lie to her anyway. So, I'll trick her.

"It's… something personal really." I started slowly. "I mean, I know that this whole thing is sudden for me. Maybe for you too; so what I would to ask is this," Well, here goes nothing. "If I were to ask you and your family to stay here longer; would you agree?"

At that, I could see the dilating of pupils from Remilia's eyes. Her eyes widening, her face transforming; showing surprise. It's clear that she wasn't expecting me to say that. At that moment, a different waiter approached our table, he carries a while towel over his arm while carrying a bucket of cold red wine along while carrying a tray with two glass on it with his other hand. He set the glass on the table; near mine and Remilia's reach. He also poured the wine for us, as is the custom for restaurants like this. Shortly after, he left after giving a bow.

It looks like she's taking a while trying to process the whole thing into her mind. Oh well, I'll enjoy myself a fine glass of wine.

"What do you mean?

…apparently, my wine tasting has been cut short; now that our lady has finished processing the request. I can feel her stare on me, since when it hasn't, and I can tell that beneath those threatening orbs; lies a glimmer of confusion accompanied with wonder. Before answering her, I dabbed my lips with a napkin that is provided; tainting it red.

"It's just as I've said. Could you prolong your stay, of course, you don't have to do anything aside from the things that you've been doing from yesterday." Which is nagging, insulting and irritating me.

Still, Remilia isn't going to take my reason that easily. "And why is that? I've been so sure that you've been irking over the fact that I am here…" before she even finished her statement, my hand raised to stop her. Impolite, yes. Wrong, no.

"It is true that I was a little… irked by your attitude against me; but that is no longer a thing." I sipped a glass of my wine. "The thing is… I've been… changed." Somehow, I settled with that choice of words. "I'm changed, I have changed, ever since your sister came into my life. And if she were to leave suddenly I…" unknowingly, my palms are now clenched into fists. "I wouldn't know what will happen to me."

"So, you are saying that you have feelings for my sister?"

I sputtered. "No!, I mean, yes, but no. Not in that way…" I lowered my head, trying to hide the redness on my face. "Though… the same cannot be said for your maid…" it came out small but I am pretty darn sure that Remilia heard it right. I raised my head again; staring Remilia right in the way with courage as my fuel. "So please, allow me to at least spend the rest of summer with them." I could go and prostate myself on the floor right here now, but I know that it will only give us both unwanted attention.

A long uncomfortable silence reigned over our table. Remilia has yet to reply. Is she considering my request? Is she thinking of a way to deny it? Or maybe, is she thinking of saying how foolish it is for me to even gets to know her family? I don't know what the woman is thinking. My senses choose to ignore the noisy atmosphere around me; focusing only at the reply that Remilia is about to give.

"Tell me."

I tensed.

"Will you take care of them?"

"With my life." There goes my answer.

Remilia closed her eyes, her lips stretching into a small smile.

"Hmph. Let's see if you could keep your words shall we? I will give you a test, and should you pass the test, I will consider your request." She pointed a knife at me; her red eyes challenging me. "But… should you fail, then we will leave as soon as possible." She gave her condition.

I can't say anything about that. It seems fair. Nodding, I steeled my nerve. "Alright. I'll take it."

She smirked. "Good. But enough for now, our dinner is here." She said in delight.

And true to her words, our orders arrived quicker than I expect them to be. The waiter that we saw from the very first is pushing a cart, on it is a platter with a metal lid covering what's inside. This is purposely done to keep the temperature. "Here are your orders, sir, madam." He opened the metal lid revealing our orders. I am not familiar with dishes like these, but if I have to say one thing about it is that; it'll be one hell of a dish.

"Bon appetite." We both say at the same time.

Dinner was good, very good.

A/N: I was planning on releasing this before my Kancolle fic, but hey, things change. I have to say that I have put a lot of effort on making this chapter; ignoring story length, this chapter shows a step that the protagonist took in this story. Now you guys might not like the way I did this but, this is probably the most realistic way I could give.

No 'Remilia getting angry and killing the protagonist' shit… guys, we need to remember that Remilia, Flandre, Patche and even Sakuya has lost a necessary amount of power for them to do things like what they're able to do in Gensokyo. But I will say this; the longer they stay in the human world, the more power they lost.

Whoops, looks like I've given out a very important detail. But don't worry. A mortal is, after all, a miserable pile of secret.

Anyways, hope you like this chapter and have a good day/night!