
I fired the second shot.

I heard screaming.

I fired the third shot.

I heard a cry.

My body trembled. My legs, my hands, my neck and even my shoulders. But my hand refuses to let go of the gun that I hold. I brought the gun close to my face, hands shaking.

I… I can't believe it. I shot a guy…

"Hey! Get down on the ground!"

Shit! I forgot about the other one. I ducked into cover immediately, finding the nearest to be a pile of wooden creates piled next to each other. My head peeked out, but only for me to retract back because of the shots that are fired at me. I gripped my gun with both hand, but still unable to return fire. My exit is the opposite way, in other words, if I want to escape, I need to get pass this guy.

"Get out I know you're in there!" he continues to fire more shots at me. I saw what type of guns he had. It's a revolver. Perfect. He only got three shots left. I brace my body, preparing myself at the same time to make the run. He fired his second to last shot at me. My body tensed.

He fired the last shot.

I reacted immediately, almost out of instinct. My feet run as fast as they can. The person is reloading behind cover, but I still fire shots to keep him busy longer. I don't know what gun that I have with me, but I can tell that it's about to run out of ammo. Jun didn't give me spare ammo. I don't know whether to feel relieved or worried about that. My exit is a stair that leads me down to the other side of the building that I'm on.

BANG!

Shit! He finished reloading. My body swooshed for cover. Dammit, I was so close. I don't know how many bullets I have with me, but I'm hoping that it'll be enough to get me out from this situation. He is still firing shots, his fourth. He got two shots left before he takes cover and reloads. He fired his fifth one, then his sixth. I took my chance to rise from cover, I aimed at the man, at that point, I don't care whether I'll hit him or not. I fired about eight shots, I don't know if they hit him or not.

I run straight for the ladder. I throw my gun away, seeing that I had no need for them. I slide down the ladder, falling on my back. I winced as I get my body up from the ground. I looked around. Good, I'm in the plaza. I need to find a fountain… fountain… there it is. my eyes landed on the sight of a not so familiar fountain. There're still gunfights all around, I don't know which one is which. So Jun, if did kill one of your dad's men, tell him I'm sorry.

I made way carefully towards the fountain, I duck and made way from cover to cover. I finally made it to the fountain, where I am still hiding like a little girl. I looked around, trying to find where this Porsche is. "Dammit Jun… Where the fuck are you- There!" I shouted to myself when caught sight of red Porsche, parallel parked. Who the fuck had time for parallel parking dammit!?

I proceed to advance towards my objective, Jun's ass. I swear if I see that bastard getting head from a woman while this shit storm is happening… I'll kick him in the nuggets. I am close to the car, all I have to do is to cross this crossfire. These people are firing guns like crazy! Isn't Japan supposed to be all brave and shit? Fuck, no use in thinking. I lay prone on the ground, finding it best to escape on the low. I'm so close now, I swear, if I get shot, I'll shoot myself in the-

"FUCK!"

Whoa that's close! A stray bullet nearly shot me, it's a good thing that a random guy went in front of me. Thank you random guy wearing fancy clothes. I stumble my way towards the car, finally reaching it. I opened the passenger seat, and got a gun shoved to my face. "Holy shit man it's me! It's me!" I raised my hand, too shocked to do anything.

"H-Holy shit you made it!" he looks glad… I immediately sit on the driver's seat, pulling the safety belts. I turn the car's engine on. I never drove a Porsche before, but I'm sure it's the same as driving a Toyota corolla.

"Yeah I did, and am about to save your life." I grumbled. I switch the gears to reverse, the car got shot but I don't care. Then I went straight for the road, away from this shit storm. I drove straight for the main streets, thinking that they won't come after us if I use a more public route. Looks like I was right. Three minutes driving, and no drive by shit happens. I breathe in relief, my shoulders relaxing.

"Whew…" I heard Jun doing the same thing. "Thanks man… really owe you big time now." He said, laughing.

"Yeah, you bet you do. You made me late for dinner with my girlfriend and I killed a guy… maybe!" Things got silent after I spoke. In all honesty, I'm pissed, tired and hurt. I actually think that I might have got shot. But thankfully, I wasn't.

"Hey, sorry man… didn't really mean for all this to go to shit you know…" Jun said solemnly.

Even if things went the way they did, it was not Jun's fault. I sighed. "Sorry too man… I shouldn't have shouted like that…" the trip went silent. I have a lot in my head right now, especially on the shooting part. I'm still shocked at the fact that I had just probably killed a person. I shot him three times in the chest, what the fuck was I thinking? I should've just shot him in the knee…

Thing is, I'm just glad that I made it out alive and untouched. But my worry remains the same. I still shot a person, and there's no proving if he's dead or not. Minutes passed as I drive the car in silence, Jun is silent too. Feeling awkward, I spoke. "Where should I drop you?" I asked, checking the rear view mirror.

"You can drop me off in Shibuya… I have people there." he said.

"Okay."

I drive for Shibuya, which is about three miles from where we are at right now. There's no traffic, which is good, and the streets are peaceful. Man… I just hope that that will be the last kind of party I'm going to. A while later, we reached Shibuya. I parked on a vacant parking space. Jun opens the door. I lower the window, so that I could talk to him.

"Hey man, thanks. Really appreciate what you did there." he thanked me. We bump fist, seeing that it's the only I could do due to my hand is still shaking. "You know what, keep the car. If you need it cleaned up, just bring it over to the garage downtown. Tell'em Jun sent you, they'll clean it nice and clean." He gave me his idiotic grin, to which I return.

"Heh, I'm sure they will… I'm sure they will." I said while shaking my head. We parted one last time, before I pushed the gas on my newly achieved car. I drive for my apartment, which is right at the opposite of town. It'll take me thirty minutes to get there and it's already eleven. I grew anxious. Is Sakuya-san asleep yet…? I should've bought a land line. Maybe I'll buy later, seeing that I now have the money for it.

After driving for a while, I finally reached a familiar part of the district. There's a parking lot somewhere near my apartment complex, I can store my car there. I drive, seeing the so called indoor parking lot. It's actually for apartment owners who owns vehicle, a status which I now have a part of. I salute the man operating the doors, he let me in after I gave him my ID. I pay for the daily fee, a hundred yen. Not much.

I parked my car on an empty spot, I exited it and locked it shut… on second thought… maybe I shouldn't have to…

"Who is it- whoa you surprised me." I came knocking noisily on my apartment's door, surprising Sakuya-san in the process. I was about to speak, but unable to when I saw what she is wearing. She is wearing one of the clothes that I bought for her. it's more formal than the casual ones, so she must be preparing for dinner.

She waited for me… all this time… and I lied to her.

"Are you okay, do you want to get i-mmmmph!" I shut her up with a kiss on the lips. It lasted for a lengthy ten seconds, before I pull back. Sakuya-san, still flushed and shocked, gasped out. "W-What's the matt-mmmph!" I silenced her again, this time by a deeper and passionate kiss. I pushed in through my front door, bringing and still kissing the maid along with it. I managed to close the door using my legs.

I parted my lips. Sakuya-san was about to speak again, but I silenced her by kissing her cute little mouth shut. We become putty, we're messy and dirty. We're making out heatedly in the living room, with a sleeping vampire nearby. I pushed her back on to the wall, my tongue and hers clashed, I soon felt her stop resisting. Still pinning the woman onto the wall, I parted away from our kiss, drawing a thick string of drool from our lips. I breathed rapidly, simply because I was out of breath. I can feel Sakuya-san's breath on my face, which increases my libido further.

This time, I leaned in closer to her, our nose touching and our forehead too. I look deep into her grey, hazed eyes, asking her a silent question to which she understands fully. She gripped both of my shoulders, I saw her biting her lower lip. She look back at me, but before she could answer, I kissed her again. Even I was surprised on why would my body do that on its own. But I don't care. I have her with me, and all that matters.

I carry her away with our lips still connected, our tongue battling the wettest battle I've ever had in my life. I brought her to a chair, I sit on the chair while she is on my laps, blessing me with her warm tongue in my mouth. My hands reached for her hands, I feel her flinch, but she soon relaxed under my touch. I began roaming all over her arms, shoulder and finally waist. She too started to mess with my shirt. We parted, feeling the need to breathe, before we resume our pleasant moment of privacy.

I'm feeling really, really uncomfortable down there. And I'm sure that Sakuya-san noticed it too, after all, it is her thigh that is currently pressing up to my… son. But she ignored it, something that I find fortunate. My left hand reached for her ample, derriere. She squeaked in surprise, only for me to silence her by resuming our moment of togetherness.

My hand guide their own way, feeling the peach shaped derriere of my lover. My lover… yeah, that felt right. I hear her moan louder, I'm starting to think that she might wake Flandre up. So I silenced her even more, shoving my tongue and exploring her mouth even through.

"Myyyyh!" she definitely felt that one. I can't stop my hips from dry humping the woman. She didn't expect that one alright.

"Hehe… sorry, you're just to lovely." I said, before resuming our session of intimacy. But instead of her mouth, I went for her nape. I can hear her hitched breathing on my ear. They're like music, a saxophone played specifically for me, the joy and vibration I felt was something out of this world. Then I did something I've never done, but was done to me. I bite down. On her neck.

"Ah… Ah!" she can't contain her voice anymore. I hope that I didn't bite her too hard. Then I trace my tongue up and down from her nape up to her neck then back to square one, on her mouth. I feel her body getting warmer in my arms, I even started to feel a moist sensation in between my legs. Sakuya-san's moaning got even louder, and even if I'm pressing my mouth against her, I still can't contain her muffled moans.

I grunted, unable to resist on grinding my pelvis.

She moaned even louder that I was forced to look at Flandre in case if she wakes up.

She suddenly pulled back, her face making my hormone rage like crazy. We both are wet, sweaty and covered in each other's saliva.

"So… ha… this… is… your idea of dinner?" she asked me.

I feel my stamina returning to me instantly, it's as if the whole incident earlier tonight didn't happen at all. "Yeah, you like it?"

She made a thinking pose, before ripping the collar out of my shirt. "I love it."

Then…

"Itadakimasu~"

Next morning…

"Yawn… good mor- whoa!" I woke up in a shock, feeling something unfamiliar on my lap. There is Sakuya-san, fast asleep and only in her undergarments. My memory of last night rushed into my head instantly, my face flushed.

"Mhm…" the silver haired maid who is resting her head on my lap shifted. She slowly turn towards me, her eyes opening from sleep. "It's morning… already?"

I look at the clock, chuckling. "No, it's already eleven." I leaned in on her face, planting a good morning kiss on her left eye. "Still want to sleep? I'll prepare dinner for you, after all, I was the one who get us all up late like this?"

I saw her face flush pink, to which I chuckled. I leaned in again, this time stealing a kiss from her lips. "What… did you remember about last night?" I asked teasingly.

She buried her head deeper into my lap, probably hiding how red she is on the face. But I can feel her nodding her head slowly. "Yes…" a muffled reply came from her mouth.

"Kyaaa!" I hugged her, wrapping my arms around her as if I'm hugging a pillow. I bury my face on her hair, taking in the strong scent of sweat due to our activity last night. My nose travel down south, right on her right ear. "No… d-don't- eek!" I bit her softly on the ear lobe, nibbling on it and chewing at it as If it was a lollipop. I let go, creating a thin trail of saliva between my mouth and her ear.

I can feel her shaking and shivering under me. I got worried instantly, did I do something she didn't want to? her face turned to me again, all teary eyed and red. She sniffed, almost as if she's upset at something. "You're so cruel.. being so straightforward like that…"

God! Who blessed me with such an adorable girl!?

Well, time for my late breakfast.

Somewhere…

"Remi, it is done." A voice spoke out in announcement.

A figure, short, yet dreadful nodded. Her hair as blue as the sky, and her shirt is the color of pink which suits her appearance well. She has a cup of tea held on her hand, obviously that she has been enjoying it for a while. Her eyes, so dangerous yet charming, looked at the distant sunrise with expectation.

"As expected from you Patche." That is her way of saying thank you, trust Patche, she knows it well. Her hand slowly place the tea cup she's holding on to the table top with a small resounding click. "Now, I suppose we could welcome Flandre back home… can we?" she made a small smile, an honest smile to the untrained eyes, but a planning smile to the trained eyes.

Patche sighed. She'll be returning to her library now. Being awake for three days straight isn't something she's good at.

A/N: Okay, quick note, this chapter came out sooner. And I didn't saw it coming. I'm hospitalized in the hospital right now. Turns out, my condition was even more serious than I thought. So, I guess I'll be eating hospital food for the rest of the week now.

Yay…

Sorry if it's kind of short... I did it in only one day after all.

Well anyway, just do the usual, review, fave or even share.

Have a good day/night!
