

… I am not one for his socialization skills; in fact, I have none and am currently struggling to develop that particular part of mine. I don't exactly have friends in university, most of the people I talked to are both the teachers and professors or the cafeteria lady whom I bought my lunch from, it might sounds weird but it's the way it is.

Anyway, now that it's about… noon, it's one twenty five right now, I am supposed to prepare the ingredients for dinner later on. Which means that I'll be heading out to the supermarket to buy some things. But it seems that I don't have the luxury to do so, and when I say I don't, I really don't have the time or luxury to do so.

Why? Let's just say that I had a little bit of surprise visit from a stranger, and said stranger happens to be one of Flandre's acquaintances. I shifted my focus from the unconscious silver haired girl, it surprises me to see that silver hair do indeed exists, to the blonde haired vampire. She has her wings retracted, it'll be convenient for her in her new clothing.

Flandre is tending to the unconscious woman seriously, almost as if she has a strong and close relationship with her. Wait… if she has a close and strong relationship with this woman, that means that this woman is also from Flandre's place! Wow… looks like my day's getting stranger and stranger, what's next, I'm going to be sucked into a portal and end up in said world?

…

Somehow, I felt really scared.

Speaking of scared… it worries me to see such an expression on Flandre's face. I really want to help, but this is as much as I can do when it comes to tending to sick people. I checked the woman's body temperature before, she's burning like crazy, her face flushed and breathing's heavy. She's struck by fever, let's just hope that she doesn't have a runny nose now, or else I'll have to open the newest box of tissue.

I approached the two, one conscious and one unconscious, took a seat beside the conscious girl and strikes up a conversation. "Well… who is she?" lame… that's one way to start a conversation…

"She's Sakuya, our maid."

…That, really got my eyes wide. "Oh… so… why she's here?" I asked the question that bugs me the most. Flandre just revealed that she is in fact, a vampire, and that she lives somewhere where monsters and other sorts of creatures exist. I believed that, and now, I have her maid inside my apartment. I need to do a better job on expecting the unexpected next time…

"Do you think I know?" I flinched a little bit on the way she replied to my question. Damn, she must be touchy… well, it's as expected anyways. The girl's seriously for her maid, who am I to say no? Well I'll be a very cruel person that, I know. Flandre holds Sakuya's hands, almost as if to wake her from her state.

I gripped my fists and clenched my teeth, I feel really useless in this situation. And this is my house, I can't afford to be useless in front of my guest and probably soon to be guest. I think, thinking of a way to ease Flandre's worries off… what should I do…

Something clicked in my head, of course, I need a doctor. But sadly, the hospital or a clinic for that matter is far away, it's not even near this part of the complex. I'll need to use a cab or motorcycle to get there, and since I do not own a motorcycle, looks like I'll have to settle for a cab.

Without any more doubts, I pulled out my phone and dial a number. I waited for the person to pick up my call, and a few seconds later, my waiting is answered by a voice from the other end of the line. "Hello, Jun, it's me."

"You? Oh! It's you… eh.. you're from Takigawa's class aren't you?" the male voice from the other end of the line said, questioningly.

"Yeah, it's me. Anyway, can you get me a car over here? You know, the apartment complex near the campus? The one that's near the park?" I said, trying to be descriptive.

"That apartment? Okay, I'll send one there right now." I can hear clicking noise coming in from the other line. "So… does this mean that I don't owe you anything?"

"Yeah you lazy bum, you owe me nothing no more. Thanks, I really appreciate it." I thanked him honestly.

"Nah, don't mention it. You should talk more in class man, even though we're in different sections, it doesn't mean that we can't have some bro on bro talk sometimes."

"Ha ha ha. Anyway, I need to prepare, talk to you later."

"Yeah, see you too man."

Our conversation ended, I placed my phone back into my pocket. I looked at Flandre, seeing that she's still tending to the woman. Earlier was a guy who owe me a favor, his name's Junichi, but people calls him Jun. Notorious for being the campus's lazy slacker, and also one of the most influential person in this part of Tokyo.

Despite his laid back attitude, the guy's a really nice guy, even if his dad is a member of the Yakuza. Why I know this seemingly crucial info? Well, let's just say that him and college mixers don't go well together, resulting him owing a huge favor for me. And I just called in that favor just now.

Well anyway, now that I have my ride to the hospital, I need to get myself ready. I tap Flandre on the shoulders, getting her attention. "Kid, we're going to the hospital. Bring your friend with you, a car will pick us up in a minute." I saw her nod. Good, she understood what I meant.

I stand from my seated position, ready to get change. Since I'm wearing the clothes that I was wearing this morning, I'll need to change into a fresh pair. I opened my wardrobe and grabbed the nearest clothing there is, which happened to be a black shirt and my hoodie that I used to lent Flandre. I decided to go with the jeans that I'm wearing, no need to change it.

Flandre is dressed up already, she's wearing what she was wearing before, the clothing that I bought for her. I opened my phone, it's one thirty already. I'll just wait for the car to pick us up from here. As I glanced down to the unconscious woman, I noticed that she is wearing her maid uniform. Something that is not common, unless you happened to be in Akibahara or downtown Shibuya.

But since I'm gifted with only minimal time until the car arrives, I think that it'll be fine if she were to go like that. She's unconscious anyway, no reason for her to worry about it. But what worries me is that, how in the heck did she know where I was living? And why did she just knocked down the door and fell down unconscious?

Whatever it is, I theorize that it must have the similar connection as to why Flandre's basically powerless right now. "Onii-san, is the hospital far?" I looked behind me, noticing that Flandre has asked me a question.

"Yeah, kind of. That's why we're getting there by car. Now I don't know if there's any hospital or not from where you came from, but I want you on your best behavior okay? No scaring people with vampire fangs and things alright?" I warned her.

Flandre pouted at my warning, crossing her arms. "I'm not a kid. Why would I do that anyway?" she continues to pout, to my enjoyment.

I hide a smile beneath my sleeves, looking away. Managing to calm myself down, I pressed on what's in my head right now. "Hey, been meaning to ask… but, is Sakuya-san a… you know… a vampire too?" I asked, simply out of curiosity.

To my surprisingly relief, Flandre shook her head in negative. I don't know why, but I felt slightly more comfortable right now. "No, Sakuya's not a vampire. She's human like Onii-san, but she's different too." The more she talks, especially at that last particular part, the more confused I am.

"Really? In what way?" I asked anyway.

"Well… she's good with knives." The blonde haired vampire said to me while raising a finger.

"She's good in chopping foods?" the image of Sakuya being extremely skilled in using the knife and cutting board came up to mind, a rather unique yet foreseeable image I might say.

"That and she's also good at throwing them." the shortest girl said with a smile.

"T-Throwing them?" holy cow, now that's a surprise. Let it be said that when Sakuya's conscious, I'll hide my kitchen knives in a proper spot. Ridding myself off the surprise, I notice honking coming out from the apartment. "Oh, the car's here."

Now, the real problem… how am I going to take Sakuya-san out? Carry her? Yeah, that's what I'll do. Honestly, I'm a bit hesitant about carrying a woman. First, Sakuya's taller than me, at least by a head. Second, due to the previous fact, I can't exactly carry her on my back, which leaves me on the bridal carry method. Now I don't have a problem with this, but if Sakuya were to suddenly wake up, I damn know that I'll be the one unconscious next. Trust me, I've read enough shounen harem manga to know where this might go.

But, no matter how much I think, I still need to carry her. After deciding that there is no other choice, I carry her anyway. I scooped the taller woman's frame into my arms, carrying her gently as I can. I'm quite surprised to feel that she is lighter than what I expected, so being tall doesn't make you heavier. "Flandre, can you be a good kid and bring Sakuya-san's shoes with you?"

"Hai~" the vampire replied to my request.

Turning off the lights and other electronics that were left on, I finally exits my apartment room. Locking it, putting my keys back to my pocket with only little struggle, I head down the stairs to where the car is waiting for me. Flandre increased her pace so that she can keep up with mine, I'm walking rather fast due to the current situation I'm having.

Outside of the apartment complex is a parked black Toyota, luxury designed, and is equipped with smoked mirrors. Cars like these are nothing but shady, I learned that the hard way. The passenger door was opened for me, and I let Flandre in first before carefully placing the unconscious woman inside. I entered the front seat, opening the door before closing it slowly.

"So you the boss's kid's friend?" I glanced to the one who speak, the driver no doubt. The best word to suit the driver would be… obvious. It's obvious that he is from the Yakuza. First, dressed in a black suit? Check. Bald head with dragon tattoos completely visible on it? Check. A baseball bat right beside the steering wheel? Check. Yeah, this is one cab that you do not want to whistle in.

"You can say that, anyway, can you please take me to the hospital?" I said, politely. I am not going to do things that would make him irritated from me, hell he could be having a drink before having to pick me up for all I know, that would suck so much.

"Yeah, yeah… so who's on the back? Your one nighter?" he asked me, obviously with humor. But still, I don't like the way he speak like that.

"No, she's a friend." I replied smoothly, trying to be as casual as I can. I am avoiding eye contact, for obvious reason. The car's engine started, and we're now moving on four wheels. I glanced back at Flandre, pretty sure that this is her first time riding a car. "She stopped by and fainted due to fatigue, we got worried so we decided to take her to the hospital."

"Heeh? Really? Then what about the kid?"

"She's my niece."

"Hm, could've fooled me…"

In more ways, buddy… in more freaking ways…

"Thanks, here, some money for your trouble." I handed the driver some amount of cash, one hundred yen, to which the bald headed Yakuza takes.

"No prob kid, just make sure you don't go out on alleyways this time of the night, rival gangs are nasty." He warned me, and surprisingly, it's a useful one. "Just tell them that you know Matsumoto no tetsu! (Lit: Matsumoto of the iron)" he jabbed his chest with his thumb, definitely gloating. "They'll be screaming their lungs back to their compound!" he let out a hearty laugh. "Well kid, see ya. Give me a call again when you need a ride."

With that said, the sleek black Toyota rushes off, leaving me, Flandre and an unconscious Sakuya in front of the hospital. I can't believe it… I just had a conversation with a Yakuza and is alive to live the night. Dismissing useless thoughts, I rushed inside the hospital with Sakuya in my arms. Flandre clutches to the hem of my shirt, following me in suite.

As soon as I enter, I have a nurse approaching me. She definitely notices of the situation, since I am carrying an unconscious woman. "Hello nurse, I'll need to get my friend into ER." I said with a little bit of anxiety in my voice. I need to convince the nurse that I'm truly concerned about her, even if I only know her name.

"Yes of course." I was immediately lead by the nurse to ER, we don't have the time to get a wheelchair or something, so I carry her all the way to ER. We are moving in a rather fast pace, but of course, Flandre managed to keep up. We walked through the halls, passing by people both workers and patients alike. I caught some of the people's attention, but not that I mind.

After we reach ER, I was helped by one of the caretakers or helpers to put Sakuya on the bed, the nurse who accompanied me earlier went to me. I notice her, and immediately speak. "She fainted, I checked her temperature earlier, and she's burning up." I try to be as concise as possible, no use in prolonging things like this.

"Okay, please wait in here while I call the doctor in charge." She bowed politely, before leaving after closing the curtains. Flandre took her place next to mine, I let her sit on my laps, so that she could see Sakuya better.

"Ne, Onii-san… is Sakuya going to be okay?" she asked me. I can immediately notice the worry in her voice, God… no child should be experiencing this no matter if they're human or vampire. I pursed my lips tightly, not knowing what to say. Sakuya's definitely fine, but I can't guarantee that for sure.

"She'll be fine kid, the doctor will make sure of it." I was forced to smile, in order to reassure the girl. But my smile is useless, it cannot make the worried expression on her face disappear. I frowned, realizing that this is all that I could do. I want to do so much, much more, if I could.

After waiting for a few minutes, the curtain was opened revealing a middle aged man dressed in a formal clothing with a white coat over it. He's wearing glasses, and it is no doubt that he is the doctor. The nurse that was with me earlier is also here, maybe she's his assistant or something.

"Good evening." The doctor greeted me with a friendly smile.

"Evening." I greeted back. But I can't make myself to smile or even smirk, I'm all focused on the situation at hand.

The doctor began to do his work, he placed his hand on Sakuya's forehead, I can see him frowning instantly. He whispered something to the nurse, possibly asking her to take the thermometer or something. The nurse leaves, leaving me, Flandre, an unconscious Sakuya and the doctor alone.

"So, what seems to be the problem here?" I asked the doctor, my face worried.

The doctor hummed. "Her body temperature is quite high, I'm going to measure her temperature using a thermometer in a minute." He explained to me before asking me, "How did she faint?"

"I…" I haven't thought of this at all. Can I say that she suddenly knock my door and fainted at the doorway? That is possible… "Um, she was outside of my door, and I heard a loud banging noise from inside my apartment. I found her on the doorway unconscious all sprawled up on the floor." hey, at least I wasn't lying.

"I see…" his eyes travel to Flandre, who is too busy paying attention. "Is she your…?"

I took the hint. "No, she's my niece. Her mother asked me to take care of her." I said smoothly, trying my best not to get caught lying.

"Then what about her?" the doctor refers to Sakuya.

"She's eh… I… she's my… uh…" I am totally screwed.

The doctor made a face of realization. He gave me a sympathetic smile, and placed his hand on my shoulders. "Ah, no need to tell me if you can't."