
"She's my niece."

"Hm, could've fooled me…"

In more ways, buddy… in more freaking ways…

"Thanks, here, some money for your trouble." I handed the driver some amount of cash, one hundred yen, to which the bald headed Yakuza takes.

"No prob kid, just make sure you don't go out on alleyways this time of the night, rival gangs are nasty." He warned me, and surprisingly, it's a useful one. "Just tell them that you know Matsumoto no tetsu! (Lit: Matsumoto of the iron)" he jabbed his chest with his thumb, definitely gloating. "They'll be screaming their lungs back to their compound!" he let out a hearty laugh. "Well kid, see ya. Give me a call again when you need a ride."

With that said, the sleek black Toyota rushes off, leaving me, Flandre and an unconscious Sakuya in front of the hospital. I can't believe it… I just had a conversation with a Yakuza and is alive to live the night. Dismissing useless thoughts, I rushed inside the hospital with Sakuya in my arms. Flandre clutches to the hem of my shirt, following me in suite.

As soon as I enter, I have a nurse approaching me. She definitely notices of the situation, since I am carrying an unconscious woman. "Hello nurse, I'll need to get my friend into ER." I said with a little bit of anxiety in my voice. I need to convince the nurse that I'm truly concerned about her, even if I only know her name.

"Yes of course." I was immediately lead by the nurse to ER, we don't have the time to get a wheelchair or something, so I carry her all the way to ER. We are moving in a rather fast pace, but of course, Flandre managed to keep up. We walked through the halls, passing by people both workers and patients alike. I caught some of the people's attention, but not that I mind.

After we reach ER, I was helped by one of the caretakers or helpers to put Sakuya on the bed, the nurse who accompanied me earlier went to me. I notice her, and immediately speak. "She fainted, I checked her temperature earlier, and she's burning up." I try to be as concise as possible, no use in prolonging things like this.

"Okay, please wait in here while I call the doctor in charge." She bowed politely, before leaving after closing the curtains. Flandre took her place next to mine, I let her sit on my laps, so that she could see Sakuya better.

"Ne, Onii-san… is Sakuya going to be okay?" she asked me. I can immediately notice the worry in her voice, God… no child should be experiencing this no matter if they're human or vampire. I pursed my lips tightly, not knowing what to say. Sakuya's definitely fine, but I can't guarantee that for sure.

"She'll be fine kid, the doctor will make sure of it." I was forced to smile, in order to reassure the girl. But my smile is useless, it cannot make the worried expression on her face disappear. I frowned, realizing that this is all that I could do. I want to do so much, much more, if I could.

After waiting for a few minutes, the curtain was opened revealing a middle aged man dressed in a formal clothing with a white coat over it. He's wearing glasses, and it is no doubt that he is the doctor. The nurse that was with me earlier is also here, maybe she's his assistant or something.

"Good evening." The doctor greeted me with a friendly smile.

"Evening." I greeted back. But I can't make myself to smile or even smirk, I'm all focused on the situation at hand.

The doctor began to do his work, he placed his hand on Sakuya's forehead, I can see him frowning instantly. He whispered something to the nurse, possibly asking her to take the thermometer or something. The nurse leaves, leaving me, Flandre, an unconscious Sakuya and the doctor alone.

"So, what seems to be the problem here?" I asked the doctor, my face worried.

The doctor hummed. "Her body temperature is quite high, I'm going to measure her temperature using a thermometer in a minute." He explained to me before asking me, "How did she faint?"

"I…" I haven't thought of this at all. Can I say that she suddenly knock my door and fainted at the doorway? That is possible… "Um, she was outside of my door, and I heard a loud banging noise from inside my apartment. I found her on the doorway unconscious all sprawled up on the floor." hey, at least I wasn't lying.

"I see…" his eyes travel to Flandre, who is too busy paying attention. "Is she your…?"

I took the hint. "No, she's my niece. Her mother asked me to take care of her." I said smoothly, trying my best not to get caught lying.

"Then what about her?" the doctor refers to Sakuya.

"She's eh… I… she's my… uh…" I am totally screwed.

The doctor made a face of realization. He gave me a sympathetic smile, and placed his hand on my shoulders. "Ah, no need to tell me if you can't."

I was rather annoyed because I know what he is thinking right now, yet that's the least that I have to worry. What I have to worry is on how I'll explain all of this to this Sakuya person when she's conscious. I suppose that she'll listen to Flandre since she is her maid… but I need to think of something just in case, because I got a gut feeling that relying on Flandre alone won't be enough to guarantee the maid's cooperation in creating a huge bluff when she wakes up later.

The curtain opens again, revealing the nurse who was out to grab the thermometer earlier. She hands the apparatus to the doctor. "Here you go Kawaguchi-sensei."

"Thank you."

I watched as the doctor does what he does best, handling sick patients obviously. I don't know too much about things like these, usually when I'm sick, my mom was the one to worry and deal with this kind of thing, and not to mention, I got sick a lot of time. Most of them are usually colds and other normal diseases, nothing too serious. But there was also a time where I broke my arm, I guess that's as far as it goes.

But what I'm trying to point is that I can't, if things end up with Sakuya being well but still in an unfit condition, take-care of her properly. Hell I wasn't even doing much when I was sick, all I do was cook some porridge and take some cheap yet effective medicines. I'm not sure if that works for another person, so far, I know that I'm the one with that kind of… condition going on.

For another couple of minutes, the doctor is finally done doing his checkups on Sakuya with the help of the nurse. I can already see that it's nothing serious from the relaxed expression the doctor is making, that brought relief to me too. I feel a small hand gripping its small palm to my arm, I look down to see the concerned expression of Flandre.

I squeezed her hand softly, giving her a form of reassurance. I also managed to muster a small smile to reassure her further. I turned to the doctor to know what's happening to Sakuya. "So how is she doc? Is it something serious?" I know that it's not serious, but it won't hurt me to ask… not physically at least, but financially...? Can't say anything about that.

"Fortunately, no. She's just tired, probably due to work. Her fever is high, but nothing that a good amount of rest won't fix." The doctor said, relieving me greatly. "But she needs to take medicine though, just in case if she faints again. Don't let her drink any alcoholic beverages, it won't help."

I bit my lips at that last remark. "Wait, are saying that she was drunk before she fainted?" I ask in completely disbelief. I mean, should it be that obvious?

"Yes…? I assume that she is like this due slight fever, but it got worse after drinking some alcoholic beverages." The doctor looked at me questioningly. "Was I wrong on assuming that she consumed alcohol with you?" ah… a misunderstanding, something that I loathe ever since I know I could loathe.

"Uh… no. As I said before, she suddenly crashed to my apartment door and fainted."

"Hmm…" the doctor scratched his chin, thinking. "Then, she might have consumed some before she entered your residence. It's a good thing that she did not pass out somewhere else now is it?"

"Yeah…" I'm not exactly sure on what to say, I mean, I don't even know Sakuya-san well enough. It's just really nice to know that the doctor isn't suspecting something suspicious from me. I know he could, but maybe he's misunderstanding it with something else entirely. "Anyway, how long will it take for her to heal?"

"It depends. If she's having enough rest, drinks her medicine, she'll be okay in a few days." I heard the doctor's reply loud and clear. So it means that even if something did happen, Sakuya-san will not be able to do anything. "Just make sure that she has plenty of rest, you don't want be tired when like this."

"I see, thank you doctor." I bowed to express my gratitude.

An hour has passed and Sakuya-san still has not wake up from her unconscious state. Flandre and I wait in the waiting room, sitting on the chairs aligned on the wall. We're both anxious on hearing reply of Sakuya-san's awakening. Especially Flandre, since she's close to her. I gave the vampire a light squeeze on the shoulder, and she looked up to me with worried face.

Flandre wrapped her arms around my sides, her ear leaning on my ribs. I made an effort on patting the girl's head, but was suddenly surprised by the incoming footsteps of a doctor. I let myself go from Flandre's hug, standing up. Flandre joined me, realizing that news will be told. "How is she doc?" I ask immediately without wasting time.

"She's awake." That reply brought happiness to Flandre, I could easily tell. Me? I'm glad to know that Sakuya-san is awake. "But please, do please refrain from making too much noise, she isn't stable yet."

We follow the doctor, returning to Sakuya-san again. When we arrived, we are greeted by the sight of Sakuya-san, now awake but still hazy I think. Flandre runs straight up to the maid uniform wearing woman, I was surprised by the suddenness that I did not have the time to react. Entering the curtain, as I unveil it slowly, I can already feel a pair of grey eyes locked onto me the moment I step foot inside.

I froze. Every fiber of my being froze, it's like I was captured by her eyes. Her eyes are restricting my movements, almost forcibly. I can't muster the energy to speak. One might say that it's pure coincidence for my eyes to meet hers. But something tells me that it's not just coincidence.

I know it sounds cheesy but…

Maybe it's fate?

The room suddenly went uncomfortably silent, with only the sound of the hospital background keeping the mood from getting downright silence. "I'm afraid that I must go now." I turned to the doctor, suddenly hearing him said that crushes all hopes that I have from trying to make things to not go awkward. "Press the bell in case you need anything, the nurse will come in my stead." He gave us one final smile, before leaving.
