

"So, why are we here again?"

Before me is a view that I have never seen the first time in my entire life. Maybe I was exaggerating on that a little bit. But still, this is actually the first time I've ever experienced something this first hand. "Hmm…" the ever sweet humming of Sakuya-san's voice reached my ears. "You said that we are going to a swimming pool. So, isn't it time to buy a swimming suit?"

I raised a finger and open my mouth.

"No, I am not going to go inside a public pool dressed in my uniform." The maid said evenly.

I still do the same pose.

"And no. Imouto-sama also needs a swim suit." She got mad at me for a second there. "Seriously… why didn't you tell us that we will be going to the pool sooner?"

I shrugged my shoulders, not really finding the thought annoying. "Well, I didn't mean to say it because I want it to be a surprise…" my voice trailed off. "She's been a good girl, why not?" I am referring to Flandre. Indeed. The little vampire is indeed a good girl. She often complains about dinner and whatsoever, but that's just about it. She never asks for anything. And even if she did, she will ask for them nicely.

As soon as I've finished stating my reason, Sakuya-san's expression softens. "… I see. Then, you better surprise her more next time. Imouto-sama is looking forward for this outing very much. I expect her to expect more next time." She finished with a giggle.

I chuckled, remembering a particular scene in my head. "Yeah… for a moment, I thought that I was about to get my hips crushed." Flandre being happy is both dangerous and cute at the same time. I must be really careful the next time I plan something like this. For the sake of my wellbeing of course.

The woman of my eyes laughed at my expense. Not letting myself being teased, I return her action with a little bit of my own. I hugged her from behind while resting my chin on her shoulder. I am wearing a pair of shoes with thick soles, they boost my height about a good eight inches more.

"Another time huh…" I don't know why, but my voice seemed hoarse. "Say, why don't we grab dinner tonight?" for that question, I was suddenly elbowed in the gut by Sakuya-san. "Ack! Not that kind of dinner, for real this time." I explained while in pain. The sudden surprise attack caused me to let go of the silver haired woman. I nurse my aching abdomen, wincing at the same time.

And oh please, don't give me that doubtful look. "Hm. Fin. But I'm choosing where we will eat." Aw, she's so cute acting like a little tsundere…

Still, my stomach hurts though. But it's not as painful as getting a hug from Flandre. Speaking of Flandre, she is at home. We left her at around… three or four o'clock. The vampire told me that she has a show to watch and hey, who am I to stop a vampire from watching her mahout shojo animes?

I must admit, it's getting worrisome for me. That girl loves the show so much that even Sakuya-san is concerned. I had a fun time watching the maid scolding her for watching too much of it and neglecting sleep…

Yeah right, sleep.

BZZ BZZ

"Hm?" I felt a familiar buzzing sensation from my pocket. I pick up my trusty phone, sliding my finger across the screen to unlock the screen. "Hello?" I asked formally, seeing that the caller is an anonymous.

"Is this… Rei?"

My head tensed and so does my shoulders. I blinked. I have no idea who this person is and judging from the rough and deep baritone voice, this person isn't the type to kid around.

"Yeah I am… who is this?"

An amused yet dirty chuckle came from the other side of the line, making me even more nervous. "I'm the father of my son. I'm sure you know who I am?" he said casually.

And indeed, true to his words, I do know who he is. "You are Jun's father." It did not come out as a question.

"Oh, so that is what Junichi let his friends call him… it's fitting." The voice mused out. "Anyway, I am here to say my thanks for saving my son two nights ago. He told me everything and I must say… I'm impressed." He then resumes his talking. "I know that Jun was not very… descriptive of what the situation would look like. And as both his father and superior, I would like to apologize."

"D-Don't mention it…" being patronized and thanked by a Yakuza crime lord isn't something I experience every day.

"Oh but I must." His voice suddenly became firm. From that point alone, I can understand that he really means it. "If you have the time, I would like to invite you to a proper invitation." Before I could speak, he chuckled. "Do not worry. It is just us."

Like that'll relieve me from my worries…

"You can also bring someone too if you want. If you have a bodyguard, maybe a lover or a friend perhaps…"

"Will Jun be there." I blurted out in purpose.

"Why of course he will. He is the one who acquainted me to you after all."

"I see. Then I'll make sure to check up once I have a free schedule on my hands. College these days is pretty busy…" and I know a certain someone who disregards it throughout the way.

"Haha! I'll be sure to tell Junichi that he needs to attend classes more. See you later, Rei-kun."

"Yes, see you too."

I pocketed my phone immediately. That was probably one of the few times when I actually get serious and nervous when answering a phone call. This whole thank you thing from a crime lord… what other smell there is aside from the ripe and fresh smell of fish?

"Hey, what's wrong?" I heard Sakuya-san asked me. I notice the look of concern on her face. She must've seen me talking on the phone before.

"Nothing, just a call from work." I lied again. God I felt horrible…

"Okay if you say so…" she trailed off. I sigh, glad that she is not going to bother much about it. "Hey?"

My head rose in reply. "What?"

"I'm going to try a piece, wait here." She grabbed one set of the swim suit which, to my despair, I have failed to get a good look at. No, actually, this is good. This adds up the surprising factor even more…

"Hey look at that guy over there, he's grinning to himself…"

"Yeah, yeah… hey, do you think he's a…"

"What, eew! Let's get away."

And just like that, I'm back to my usual bored and tired self.

Inside the ever so large building that is Scarlet Devil Mansion, Remilia Scarlet is enjoying her tea. But there is a sense of dissatisfaction on her mind. Her maid is not here to serve the tea, and she must think of a way to get her sister back without the Gap Youkai knowing. While she knew that getting out to the outside world would be a hard thing, it requires a lot of magic and preparations, but to deal with the Gap Youkai is an even more… troublesome ending.

She knew that the woman is strong. She knew that the woman is crafty. But she too can do the same thing as her, not skill wise at least. For the last time, Remilia enjoys her final cup of tea before her depart to the human world, where she would grace them with her presence. She picks up her glass, raising it to an eye's level before placing it back on the table top.

At the same time, the door to her quarter swings open, revealing her best friend who is clad in purple. Remilia's ruby eyes glazed over to the librarian, giving the purple haired woman a look. She received a nod in reply. The Eternal young scarlet moon sighed but not of regret. She walks over to her study, where there is a table with books stacked on top. It's quite messy, but whatever there is there is useful.

She reached her desk and proceeds to open a small drawer. In it is a locket. A small golden locket in the shape of an oval, with elite designs and carvings that would certainly place it above the common trinket. She opens the locket, if not so suddenly. There is a picture of her and her sister as well as the entire Scarlet family.

The previous Scarlet family. Meiling is in there of course.

This was taken a long time ago, where she met a nice photographer in her home town Transylvania. Flandre was still young, she couldn't possibly remember who are these people here. There is a maid, but the maid is not the one who is serving her today. Like any other servants of the Scarlet family, she was but an exceptional and independent maid. But, even so, it is useless to remember her if she is no longer breathing.

She placed the locket back into the drawer by dropping it before closing the drawer shut. "Patche, prepare the portal." She ordered the sickly librarian.

"I've already done that. Go to the living room, I will be waiting there." the purple robed woman coughed out before floating her way to the living room.

The mistress of the Scarlet Devil Mansion sighed. She too has done with her preparations but the only thing that has been on her mind is: where would they stay when they reach the outside world? The method used by her friend is more like a one way method. It allows the user to go to their targeted destination and ends at that point. In order for them to return, they will need to gather more magic, something that she and Patchouli have, and perform the steps again. Surely, such things would surely take time. But at least they don't have to worry about finding Flandre and Sakuya. Patchouli could easily locate them using her magic.

It is at moments like these where she is thankful to have such a competent friend.

Patche had always been a great friend of mine. Remembering the day how we came to be what we are now, I cannot help but laugh. She was nothing more than an ordinary magician, a title that had been loosely taken by another resident of Gensokyo I might add, and I was young and eternal as ever. Our relationship started on a sunny Sunday morning in France, a rather unusual time for someone such as me to be spending on. But alas, that day was eventful in its own way.

I vividly remembered the tea that I had at that very moment, it was black if I'm not mistaken. The French were really serious when it comes to their tea, which is something I could respect and tolerate. I was at France for a trip to visit a distant relative, meaning that I had left Transylvania. I went there alone. I had Flandre stayed at home with mother and father before they pass. And as I was enjoying my fine tea, a certain unique and sickly individual came into the tavern I was in.

From looking alone I could already tell that she was indeed a mage, or someone who associates with witchcraft. This particular revelation interested me due to the fact that magic isn't exactly common in France and their neighboring country. So I had her figured for a foreigner just like myself. I remembered her state of dress, something far more different that the ones she has with her right now, it was all… uniformed. People who are associated with witchcraft were not exactly appreciated, forcing them to hide their true identity.

Of course, it was useless since I, the true descendant of Tepes of himself, was present.

She had her books with her, a hobby that she continuously develops even until today, she took her place, sitting on the farthest corner of the tavern. While the thought of interest is still lingering within my mind, I cannot help but made a few misconceptions about her. In other words, I judged her a little but too quickly. She was quite the looker back then, I would be lying if I were to say she isn't now. Her presence alone seemed to have brought unwanted attention to herself.

I am sure that she did not wanted a few… pigs squealing and insisting for her time. So, I decided to show her my kind side. I was in a good mood, so why not? But by the time I was about to stand from my seat, I remembered everything went blank. Not for me, but for the pigs. After a while, she decided to leave, everyone still clueless to the fact that someone had just casted a mind breaking spell without the slightest bit of trouble. I met her outside and introduced myself to her.

After a lengthy talk, we fought. And after we fought, I won. And by winning comes with a price that she had to pay. It was simple. I requested of her to leave everything behind and become a part of my family. She was surprised, but agreed nonetheless.

gAnd that is how Patchouli Knowledge came to live with the Scarlets for the next many, many years. Until now.

I made my way to my living room. I cannot delay any longer. The reason why is obvious. Yet, I question myself all the time. Was it the right thing to do? Did I do the right thing by sending my sister out there? Perhaps not. And if so, I felt guilty about it. But I have no time to think about that now, my self-contemplating and doubting won't get me anywhere to my sister. I need to make things right, I swear upon my name and pride…

"How do I look?"

...

"Wah- oh, eh… you're hot. I mean it suits you well." Let me repeat it again, thank God for shopping malls. Currently sitting on one of the many waiting sofas in the swimming apparel shop, I was graced by the sight of my lovely girlfriend wearing a swim suit. Sakuya-san is wearing a black two piece swimming piece. Her black top is adorned and fashioned with white frills and it matches her black and white bottom piece. Now I would be lying if I'm not enjoying what I see right now. But knowing which decision is better, I decided to give her my honest opinion regarding her look.

She smiled at me, almost knowing what I was thinking. To my enjoyment, she did some poses that I find… attractive. Okay, who am I kidding with? She is hot. I chuckled while shaking my head in response, I shooed her away back in to the fitting room and not wanting other males that are present to see her like this. She giggled before eventually returning back to the fitting room to change back into her clothes.

I open my phone and check the time. It's four forty five… quite late. It's best if we return home soon, Flandre must be hungry. On second thought… I think that it's best to just buy something for takeaway and eat it at home. That will save the time for both shopping and cooking. While I was busy with my little planning, Sakuya-san emerges from the fitting room. She is dressed in her clothing with the swimsuit in her hands. She is also carrying another set for Flandre, a simple two piece swimsuit with white polka dots but not as suggestive as hers.

"Okay, I'm done." She called for me. I stand up and stretched my arms up in the air. I walked over to her and we began walking towards the cashier. After I pay for the two items, we exit the shop and head out to buy something for takeaway. I told her that it's bothersome to cook at home, not to mention, it's late already and Flandre might be starving. She agreed and so, we headed for a family restaurant to buy something for takeaway.

"Hello, I would like to order for takeaway please." I said to the waitress who is waiting outside of the restaurant carrying a menu. She must be doing the advertising. She took notice of me and gave me the menu. I browsed a selection of menu, seeing all kinds of food. Sakuya-san peered from my side, taking a look on the menu too. "What do you suggest?" I asked the woman beside me

"Hm…" she hummed to herself, probably thinking on what to order. "We had ramen for dinner yesterday… why not pasta?" I look over at the menu she suggested. There are a few selections of pastas available. Spaghetti, Fusilli, Fettuccine…that's about it. They also have the typical Bolognese, Carbonara, Tuna and Alfredo. I'm familiar with them because every time my family, my father's side of the family, had a gathering, they'll serve us food that originated from their country.

"Okay then, which one do you want?" I asked her again, letting her choose.