"Then who?!"

"My fiancée's bodyguards!"

…And I hit him right on the kisser.

"Okay… Okay… just… explain it to me slowly, this time." I cannot resist the urge to pinch my forehead. Seated on a bench in a nearby park, I have my so called 'friend' Jun, sitting beside me. I have a can of cold coffee in my hand, while he has his milk tea. We decided to talk it out, instead of shouting in the middle of the complex like it's the apocalypse.

"Haah…" that sigh that Jun let out, I know that it's heavy. "It's… fucked up beyond all repair, I tell you man. Okay, it went like this: After you dropped me off at Shibuya weeks ago, things were fine. Fine until the next week which was yesterday. I got a call from one of my dad's men, Tohyama-san, or whoever he is, he called me telling that I need to meet up with my fiancée today, later evening at a restaurant."

I gripped on my drink hard, bending the canned container. "Then why the hell did you have to ask my help for this? In fact, shouldn't you be glad that you finally got a girl of your own, huh?" I asked.

To my surprise, Jun shook his head. "No, no. You don't get it do you man… when us, people who's parents are either a crime lord or politician, got an arranged marriage, it's always with people of the same industry! Which means that I'm getting married to a possibly ugly ass chick from another group!"

"Then what's wrong with that? Won't that bring, you know, unity between both groups?"

"No you dummy." I twitched right there. "Think about it like this: if this bitch is smarter than me—

"Which is obviously a yes."

"Shuddup. Anyway, if this bitch is sneaky, she'll aim for the money instead. She'll slowly overturn my group when it's my time leading and slowly bring her family's name on top! I can't let that happen!"

"You mean overthrowing your family like that? Like in those sucky and cliché nineties mafia films?"

"Yup. And screw you, those movies are good."

I don't even know what to say. This guy interrupted my morning due to his huge ass paranoia? I don't know if I should laugh or be pissed right now. "You know Jun, they say opportunities come at the least expected moments. Why not meet this girl, I'm sure she's a sweetheart, no?"

Looking dejected, Jun sighs. "Okay… I'll meet her, but you must be one of my bodyguards!"

"THE FUCK?! Hell no you fucker! I need to go to the police station, remember? Duh."

He gave me his easy going grin. "Relax, I can just send a guy who looks like you later. Just get this guy filled with what to say and boom, you'll be there and not there at the same time."

"Sometimes, I don't know whether you're stupid or dumber." I muttered dryly. "Anyway, no way. I can't just leave home and go with you to your marriage interview and shit."

"Why not? It's not like you're living with someone in your place, right?"

I looked away, actually. "Yeah, about that…"

"No… don't tell me…" I found myself being gripped right at the collar by Jun. "You have a girl in there with you?!"

"Yeah I do! She's my girlfriend, you got a problem with that?!" I shouted in retort. Well… my girlfriend and her family actually, but I wasn't planning on telling him that. I pushed him off from my face, giving him a glare. "It's impossible! It's final, I just… can't. okay?"

"Please man, just do this one last favor, please please!" he started to prostate himself in front of me while begging. Now I know that this is a custom in Japanese tradition but no matter how many times people have done it, it still feels wrong for me. Grimacing, I know that I must not let myself deeper into deep waters. Besides, what good would I be if I were to come there with him as a body guard? It just didn't make sense.

"Okay… okay." Wrong choice of words, actually. I got him gripping my shoulders instantly.

"You will?! Thank you so much man!"

I quickly shove his face away from mine, mumbling curses for my own weakness of not being able to reject Jun's request. God, I need to learn how to say no… Sighing, I speak, "I will help you but, you must answer my question."

"Um!" well aren't you enthusiastic…

"First." I raised a finger. "Are you sure that you are not in trouble with the government, police, secret service etc?"

"Yes!"

"Second." Another finger. "What good would it be for me to be there? Don't you have… you know… more capable people of accompanying you?"

"Well…" I saw him rubbing the back of his head; he's nervous… Jun's never nervous in things like these… "Being there with a person who knows how to deal with the situation is better… you know what I'm saying dammit!"

I did not even try to hide the grin I'm sporting. "Oh~ I don't know, tell me what it means, exactly."

Suck it up, bastard. "Damn you Rei… fine, since you're so dependable, smart, awesome and downright trustworthy—shit man do you know how embarrassing this is?!"

It's fun seeing him snap like that. "No, I don't know. Tell me?"

"Damn you. Anyway, you know what I mean, could we please get on with this? My legs are dying for having to sit like this…" he's still in seiza, no wonder.

"Okay, I got it. But third…" I raised the third finger—the middle finger—slowly. "Are you absolutely, a hundred and ten percent, exactly and positively sure that no 'shady Yakuza shit' will happen?"

He crossed his heart, looking up at me as innocently as he can. "I swear to God. No, I swear to God's second coming!"

Never knew that he's religious… anyway, well, he sounds convincing enough. "Fine. I'll be your bodyguard or whatever. Just call me when I'm needed, you handle the trouble with the police. I need to go back now, I missed breakfast for hell's sake…" my coffee is probably cold already.

"Thank you thank you thank you! You won't regret this!" then, he ran away just like that. Huh, weird… I expect him to be more… how should I say this without making things sound wrong… thankful? Well, that's that and this is this. I better head home.

"I'm back." Coming inside my apartment room has never been so tiring. Though I'm not tired physically, dealing with Jun requires me put a lot of mental effort. The guy can be a real bother sometimes… and for all that is worth it, he's going to be the death of me sometime in the near future…

"Ah, you're back." Remilia came approaching me. I looked around, then it came to my senses that Sakuya-san and Flandre are nowhere to be found. Luckily, Remilia was there to give me a heads up. "Sakuya and Flandre went out earlier. They said that they are going to buy groceries. I wonder why though…" she then raised an eyebrow. "Say… where were you before?"

"Meeting a friend. He suddenly texted me saying that he wanted to meet." It's more like he wanted my help… but I'm not sure if I'm going to say that to Remilia.

"Hum… is that so? Meh, whatever. Anyways, let's talk. About that."

Now, this, is something that got my attention.

I find myself swallowing the lump of air that hadn't noticed having. From where I'm standing, I could only focus on the two ruby orbs that are Remilia's eyes. I nodded without saying anything. Remilia smiled in reply, but that's not a usual smile that she would sport. I can't say a single thing about that smile of hers… but if there's one word that comes up to mind when I see it, the only thought that comes to my mind is:

Shit.

We went outside, to the park where Jun and I converse. As we reached the small park's entrance, Remilia walks ahead of me, towards a particular playground equipment. The swing. She sat on one of the swings, swaying her back on a light swing. She sways as I walk to approach her. Knowing her intentions, I took a seat on the unoccupied seat beside her. I'm too tall for this children sized swing; and I did not mean anything when I thought about that.

"You know…" suddenly, she started speaking. "From where I came from, when a man and a maiden sits together like this, they could be considered as husband and wife."

I blinked. Well… that's… weird. "From where you came from? Gensokyo?"

She shook her head, chuckling lightly. "Romania. Not Gensokyo. Not the entirety of Romania per say, but only my household. This is why guests tend to be placed in the left of the living room while we are speaking through them on the other side of said room." She swings further. "But I was never one who find that rule necessary, in fact, when it was my time to rule over the house, I banish that rule right and foremost."

"Heh… how… considerate of you to your guests."

"Is it? I think I'm just breaking the wall in between the host and the guests." She answered while humming. "Speaking of which… how far have you gotten with Sakuya?"

…well the previous twenty second of my life had been good. Scratching the back of my head, I'm not sure on how to answer Remilia's question. If someone were to hear about us talking, it'll be so weird. A little girl asking me how far have I gotten with her maid… that's something that people don't normally hear every day.

"How should I say this…" I guess it's better for me to be direct and straight to the point. "We're there. But not there at the same time. I respect her more than I love her, actually."

"Oho? What an interesting answer, please do elaborate…"

Ugh… so this is what Jun felt like when I teased him… what goes around, comes around I guess. "I… can't really say how or even why. But the first time I met her, Sakuya-san did not strike me as a person who's loveable and alluring. She is beautiful, don't get me wrong, but I did not see her as someone who 'captured my heart'." I paused. "When I saw her for the very first time, when she collapsed to my doorsteps, I think of a hardworking girl, who is doing her job as best as she can even if she couldn't handle it. After all, I was told that she was sent here to retrieve Flandre and someone who is only supplied with little knowledge for a world outside of her own to be able to survive for days is… amazing."

"Then I realized. She must've not slept properly throughout those days… she must've been asking people for directions… she must have to endure with the way people treated her. And to be able to act so perfect, indifferent yet straightforward at the same time, I fell in love with her even more now that I know that."

Silence.

"Is that your answer? Is that the size of your love for Sakuya?"

I shook my head. "No. That is not my answer. Because that is an answer entirely different to the one that you asked me." I said. "You asked how far I've gotten with her, I gave you my answer. Now, if you were to ask me how much my love is for Sakuya-san… I'd have to say… I don't know." It came out like a straight sword; cutting through air, going inside Remilia's ears.

"You don't know? How so?"
