

"So, why are we here again?"

Before me is a view that I have never seen the first time in my entire life. Maybe I was exaggerating on that a little bit. But still, this is actually the first time I've ever experienced something this first hand. "Hmm…" the ever sweet humming of Sakuya-san's voice reached my ears. "You said that we are going to a swimming pool. So, isn't it time to buy a swimming suit?"

I raised a finger and open my mouth.

"No, I am not going to go inside a public pool dressed in my uniform." The maid said evenly.

I still do the same pose.

"And no. Imouto-sama also needs a swim suit." She got mad at me for a second there. "Seriously… why didn't you tell us that we will be going to the pool sooner?"

I shrugged my shoulders, not really finding the thought annoying. "Well, I didn't mean to say it because I want it to be a surprise…" my voice trailed off. "She's been a good girl, why not?" I am referring to Flandre. Indeed. The little vampire is indeed a good girl. She often complains about dinner and whatsoever, but that's just about it. She never asks for anything. And even if she did, she will ask for them nicely.

As soon as I've finished stating my reason, Sakuya-san's expression softens. "… I see. Then, you better surprise her more next time. Imouto-sama is looking forward for this outing very much. I expect her to expect more next time." She finished with a giggle.

I chuckled, remembering a particular scene in my head. "Yeah… for a moment, I thought that I was about to get my hips crushed." Flandre being happy is both dangerous and cute at the same time. I must be really careful the next time I plan something like this. For the sake of my wellbeing of course.

The woman of my eyes laughed at my expense. Not letting myself being teased, I return her action with a little bit of my own. I hugged her from behind while resting my chin on her shoulder. I am wearing a pair of shoes with thick soles, they boost my height about a good eight inches more.

"Another time huh…" I don't know why, but my voice seemed hoarse. "Say, why don't we grab dinner tonight?" for that question, I was suddenly elbowed in the gut by Sakuya-san. "Ack! Not that kind of dinner, for real this time." I explained while in pain. The sudden surprise attack caused me to let go of the silver haired woman. I nurse my aching abdomen, wincing at the same time.

And oh please, don't give me that doubtful look. "Hm. Fin. But I'm choosing where we will eat." Aw, she's so cute acting like a little tsundere…

Still, my stomach hurts though. But it's not as painful as getting a hug from Flandre. Speaking of Flandre, she is at home. We left her at around… three or four o'clock. The vampire told me that she has a show to watch and hey, who am I to stop a vampire from watching her mahout shojo animes?

I must admit, it's getting worrisome for me. That girl loves the show so much that even Sakuya-san is concerned. I had a fun time watching the maid scolding her for watching too much of it and neglecting sleep…

Yeah right, sleep.

BZZ BZZ

"Hm?" I felt a familiar buzzing sensation from my pocket. I pick up my trusty phone, sliding my finger across the screen to unlock the screen. "Hello?" I asked formally, seeing that the caller is an anonymous.

"Is this… Rei?"

My head tensed and so does my shoulders. I blinked. I have no idea who this person is and judging from the rough and deep baritone voice, this person isn't the type to kid around.

"Yeah I am… who is this?"

An amused yet dirty chuckle came from the other side of the line, making me even more nervous. "I'm the father of my son. I'm sure you know who I am?" he said casually.

And indeed, true to his words, I do know who he is. "You are Jun's father." It did not come out as a question.

"Oh, so that is what Junichi let his friends call him… it's fitting." The voice mused out. "Anyway, I am here to say my thanks for saving my son two nights ago. He told me everything and I must say… I'm impressed." He then resumes his talking. "I know that Jun was not very… descriptive of what the situation would look like. And as both his father and superior, I would like to apologize."

"D-Don't mention it…" being patronized and thanked by a Yakuza crime lord isn't something I experience every day.

"Oh but I must." His voice suddenly became firm. From that point alone, I can understand that he really means it. "If you have the time, I would like to invite you to a proper invitation." Before I could speak, he chuckled. "Do not worry. It is just us."

Like that'll relieve me from my worries…

"You can also bring someone too if you want. If you have a bodyguard, maybe a lover or a friend perhaps…"

"Will Jun be there." I blurted out in purpose.

"Why of course he will. He is the one who acquainted me to you after all."

"I see. Then I'll make sure to check up once I have a free schedule on my hands. College these days is pretty busy…" and I know a certain someone who disregards it throughout the way.

"Haha! I'll be sure to tell Junichi that he needs to attend classes more. See you later, Rei-kun."

"Yes, see you too."

I pocketed my phone immediately. That was probably one of the few times when I actually get serious and nervous when answering a phone call. This whole thank you thing from a crime lord… what other smell there is aside from the ripe and fresh smell of fish?

"Hey, what's wrong?" I heard Sakuya-san asked me. I notice the look of concern on her face. She must've seen me talking on the phone before.

"Nothing, just a call from work." I lied again. God I felt horrible…

"Okay if you say so…" she trailed off. I sigh, glad that she is not going to bother much about it. "Hey?"

My head rose in reply. "What?"

"I'm going to try a piece, wait here." She grabbed one set of the swim suit which, to my despair, I have failed to get a good look at. No, actually, this is good. This adds up the surprising factor even more…

"Hey look at that guy over there, he's grinning to himself…"

"Yeah, yeah… hey, do you think he's a…"

"What, eew! Let's get away."

And just like that, I'm back to my usual bored and tired self.

Inside the ever so large building that is Scarlet Devil Mansion, Remilia Scarlet is enjoying her tea. But there is a sense of dissatisfaction on her mind. Her maid is not here to serve the tea, and she must think of a way to get her sister back without the Gap Youkai knowing. While she knew that getting out to the outside world would be a hard thing, it requires a lot of magic and preparations, but to deal with the Gap Youkai is an even more… troublesome ending.

She knew that the woman is strong. She knew that the woman is crafty. But she too can do the same thing as her, not skill wise at least. For the last time, Remilia enjoys her final cup of tea before her depart to the human world, where she would grace them with her presence. She picks up her glass, raising it to an eye's level before placing it back on the table top.

At the same time, the door to her quarter swings open, revealing her best friend who is clad in purple. Remilia's ruby eyes glazed over to the librarian, giving the purple haired woman a look. She received a nod in reply. The Eternal young scarlet moon sighed but not of regret. She walks over to her study, where there is a table with books stacked on top. It's quite messy, but whatever there is there is useful.

She reached her desk and proceeds to open a small drawer. In it is a locket. A small golden locket in the shape of an oval, with elite designs and carvings that would certainly place it above the common trinket. She opens the locket, if not so suddenly. There is a picture of her and her sister as well as the entire Scarlet family.
