The previous Scarlet family. Meiling is in there of course.

This was taken a long time ago, where she met a nice photographer in her home town Transylvania. Flandre was still young, she couldn't possibly remember who are these people here. There is a maid, but the maid is not the one who is serving her today. Like any other servants of the Scarlet family, she was but an exceptional and independent maid. But, even so, it is useless to remember her if she is no longer breathing.

She placed the locket back into the drawer by dropping it before closing the drawer shut. "Patche, prepare the portal." She ordered the sickly librarian.

"I've already done that. Go to the living room, I will be waiting there." the purple robed woman coughed out before floating her way to the living room.

The mistress of the Scarlet Devil Mansion sighed. She too has done with her preparations but the only thing that has been on her mind is: where would they stay when they reach the outside world? The method used by her friend is more like a one way method. It allows the user to go to their targeted destination and ends at that point. In order for them to return, they will need to gather more magic, something that she and Patchouli have, and perform the steps again. Surely, such things would surely take time. But at least they don't have to worry about finding Flandre and Sakuya. Patchouli could easily locate them using her magic.

It is at moments like these where she is thankful to have such a competent friend.

Patche had always been a great friend of mine. Remembering the day how we came to be what we are now, I cannot help but laugh. She was nothing more than an ordinary magician, a title that had been loosely taken by another resident of Gensokyo I might add, and I was young and eternal as ever. Our relationship started on a sunny Sunday morning in France, a rather unusual time for someone such as me to be spending on. But alas, that day was eventful in its own way.

I vividly remembered the tea that I had at that very moment, it was black if I'm not mistaken. The French were really serious when it comes to their tea, which is something I could respect and tolerate. I was at France for a trip to visit a distant relative, meaning that I had left Transylvania. I went there alone. I had Flandre stayed at home with mother and father before they pass. And as I was enjoying my fine tea, a certain unique and sickly individual came into the tavern I was in.

From looking alone I could already tell that she was indeed a mage, or someone who associates with witchcraft. This particular revelation interested me due to the fact that magic isn't exactly common in France and their neighboring country. So I had her figured for a foreigner just like myself. I remembered her state of dress, something far more different that the ones she has with her right now, it was all… uniformed. People who are associated with witchcraft were not exactly appreciated, forcing them to hide their true identity.

Of course, it was useless since I, the true descendant of Tepes of himself, was present.

She had her books with her, a hobby that she continuously develops even until today, she took her place, sitting on the farthest corner of the tavern. While the thought of interest is still lingering within my mind, I cannot help but made a few misconceptions about her. In other words, I judged her a little but too quickly. She was quite the looker back then, I would be lying if I were to say she isn't now. Her presence alone seemed to have brought unwanted attention to herself.

I am sure that she did not wanted a few… pigs squealing and insisting for her time. So, I decided to show her my kind side. I was in a good mood, so why not? But by the time I was about to stand from my seat, I remembered everything went blank. Not for me, but for the pigs. After a while, she decided to leave, everyone still clueless to the fact that someone had just casted a mind breaking spell without the slightest bit of trouble. I met her outside and introduced myself to her.

After a lengthy talk, we fought. And after we fought, I won. And by winning comes with a price that she had to pay. It was simple. I requested of her to leave everything behind and become a part of my family. She was surprised, but agreed nonetheless.

gAnd that is how Patchouli Knowledge came to live with the Scarlets for the next many, many years. Until now.

I made my way to my living room. I cannot delay any longer. The reason why is obvious. Yet, I question myself all the time. Was it the right thing to do? Did I do the right thing by sending my sister out there? Perhaps not. And if so, I felt guilty about it. But I have no time to think about that now, my self-contemplating and doubting won't get me anywhere to my sister. I need to make things right, I swear upon my name and pride…

"How do I look?"

...

"Wah- oh, eh… you're hot. I mean it suits you well." Let me repeat it again, thank God for shopping malls. Currently sitting on one of the many waiting sofas in the swimming apparel shop, I was graced by the sight of my lovely girlfriend wearing a swim suit. Sakuya-san is wearing a black two piece swimming piece. Her black top is adorned and fashioned with white frills and it matches her black and white bottom piece. Now I would be lying if I'm not enjoying what I see right now. But knowing which decision is better, I decided to give her my honest opinion regarding her look.

She smiled at me, almost knowing what I was thinking. To my enjoyment, she did some poses that I find… attractive. Okay, who am I kidding with? She is hot. I chuckled while shaking my head in response, I shooed her away back in to the fitting room and not wanting other males that are present to see her like this. She giggled before eventually returning back to the fitting room to change back into her clothes.

I open my phone and check the time. It's four forty five… quite late. It's best if we return home soon, Flandre must be hungry. On second thought… I think that it's best to just buy something for takeaway and eat it at home. That will save the time for both shopping and cooking. While I was busy with my little planning, Sakuya-san emerges from the fitting room. She is dressed in her clothing with the swimsuit in her hands. She is also carrying another set for Flandre, a simple two piece swimsuit with white polka dots but not as suggestive as hers.

"Okay, I'm done." She called for me. I stand up and stretched my arms up in the air. I walked over to her and we began walking towards the cashier. After I pay for the two items, we exit the shop and head out to buy something for takeaway. I told her that it's bothersome to cook at home, not to mention, it's late already and Flandre might be starving. She agreed and so, we headed for a family restaurant to buy something for takeaway.

"Hello, I would like to order for takeaway please." I said to the waitress who is waiting outside of the restaurant carrying a menu. She must be doing the advertising. She took notice of me and gave me the menu. I browsed a selection of menu, seeing all kinds of food. Sakuya-san peered from my side, taking a look on the menu too. "What do you suggest?" I asked the woman beside me

"Hm…" she hummed to herself, probably thinking on what to order. "We had ramen for dinner yesterday… why not pasta?" I look over at the menu she suggested. There are a few selections of pastas available. Spaghetti, Fusilli, Fettuccine…that's about it. They also have the typical Bolognese, Carbonara, Tuna and Alfredo. I'm familiar with them because every time my family, my father's side of the family, had a gathering, they'll serve us food that originated from their country.

"Okay then, which one do you want?" I asked her again, letting her choose.

"I'll have a Fettuccine Alfredo." She told me. Hm...I never thought of her as a person who likes cheese… oh well, if that's what she wants, then that's what she'll get.

"I guess I'll have the Spaghetti Carbonara and what will Flandre have?"

"Imouto-sama likes pasta, so she'll like anything you choose."

That's what she told me, but still, I don't know what to choose. I could be a biased person and choose the Bolognese due to it having the same color as blood. But since I'm really unsure of what to choose, I have no choice other than to go with that one. "Then I'll choose the Spaghetti Bolognese for her." I decided finally. "Excuse me, I would like to place an order." I call for the waitress in front of me.

"Yes, what would you like?"

"I'll have one Fettuccine Alfredo, one Spaghetti Bolognese and one Spaghetti Carbonara." I said, finishing my orders.

The waitress began jotting down my orders, she finished and asked me again. "Is there anything else that you would like to order?"

"Um…" something tells me that I'll be feeling hungry tonight. "Then I'll take two more serving of Spaghetti Bolognese." I close the menu and hand it to her. She took the menu and proceeded to the kitchen where she would prepare our orders. We waited inside the restaurant, sitting on one of the many vacant table there are.

"Why did you order more?" I heard Sakuya-san asked. She must be curious. After all, usually, I don't eat that much. But I've been starting to feel an increase in my metabolism lately, in other words, I sweat and get hungry easily.

Shrugging my shoulders, I answer. "Just in case if I, you or Flandre wants more." I doubt that Sakuya-san would eat another serving of pasta. She eats moderately and properly, something that I find suitable for someone like her. I don't really know why I began to get hungry easily, maybe I'm just tired because of my job. I got a change of shift for my job. Instead of night shifts, now I'm placed on day shifts. Meaning that I'll go to work as soon as I've finished my lectures in campus.

"Really…? Okay then." She accepted my answer. I frowned. Somehow this doesn't feel right. Something is amiss… I can't quite figure out what it is, but I know that she has something on her mind.

Waiting wordlessly is just weird to me. So, I decided to strike up a conversation.

"If… just an if… what if Remilia-san did come here to pick you and Flandre up, so that you'll return to Gensokyo…" I find myself asking a rather out of the blue question. But the thought of it worries me. Yet, I'm glad that Flandre and Sakuya-san could finally return to where they came from. I want to be selfish. I really do. However, my mind can't help to think what's best for them.

"Hey." I felt a warm pair of hands touching mine, causing me to look up from my confused state. Those grey eyes of hers calmed me down, they always do, and I felt a sense of understanding and comfort in me. She gave me her smile. That alone is enough to make me stop thinking about thinking about anything else other than her. "We will work it out. Don't worry about it. You should worry about that promise you made to Imouto-sama first, then we could talk about us."

Us….

I like it. I return her gesture by holding her hands back, gently and as softly as I can. Her hands are warm, just the way I like them to be. "Yeah… you're right." I nuzzled my nose onto her hands, sighing in relief. She is truly a blessing, the greatest blessing that I have ever received in my whole entire life. "Thank you… Sakuya…." Sakuya… I called her without the honorific, finding it to be more natural.

I can't see what kind of expression she is making right now. But her words rang loud and clear in my ears. "You're welcome."

After our orders are finally done, I pay for them and we immediately head to the parking area where I parked my car. The car that Jun gave me isn't exactly official yet, meaning that I haven't got the papers and rights to it yet. Jun told me that he'll deliver me the papers later. Still, it amazes me. The fact that I got a Porsche 918 Spyder… who would've thought about that? Maybe Yakuza 'gathering' are not so bad after all.

Pressing the unlock button from my keys, the ever so catchy beeping noise emitted from my car, the lights flickered on briefly and the doors are unlocked. I opened the door to the driver's seat, while my companion opens the passenger's side. I entered and strap the seatbelt on to my person before turning on the engine. The noise of the car starting up will grow me, seeing that it's been a few days after I got a hand on this hotrod.

I pulled the handbrake, before stepping on into the gas. I left for home, and we reached our local street area. I drive the car to the parking area, where the person in charge is working. We exited the area and walk towards my apartment, I knocked on the door in an arranged sequence, letting Flandre know that I'm the one on the door. The door opened soon after my knocking, I saw Flandre's head peeking out from the door. She gave me a smile, before dragging me in by the hand. I heard Sakuya-san giggling before I was in.

"Whoa, whoa slow down kid…" I stumbled as the little bundle of joy drags me into the living room she brought me to the table, where I saw my laptop on and displayed. I stared at the screen, trying to see what it is that the vampire is trying to show me. "See that Onii-san, I want to go there!"

As I laid eyes on the screen, my eyes soften the moment I saw what it is that Flandre is trying to get me see. It was a picture of a beach, empty and the sun setting. There are clouds and the sky is a perfect example of why we as human beings should go outside and enjoy them more. But out of all the other feature available, the one that captures me the most is the group of people standing in the middle of the scene, hand in hand and looking at the setting sun.

"The beach is nice, I saw other pictures where people could build sand… sand castles and play balls, and… and they could also swim there. It's like a really large swimming pool!" she expressed her excitement by spreading her arms out, her face joyous at the thought of going to the recreational place. "Oh! We are going to the pool aren't we? Why don't we go to the beach after we go to the pool, can we, can we?"
