I can't take it anymore. This raging feeling, this feeling of anxiety and joy, inside of me is ready to burst out and explode. I ruffle her head, making a mess out of her hair. As she giggled under my touch, I can't help but smile. I scoop her into my arms and raise her into my eye level.

"Of course, after we go to the pool… I'll see what I can do." I answered. "But are you sure it's fun? Won't you get burnt under the sunlight?" well, she is a vampire after all.

She giggled at me silly, before playfully poking my nose. "We could go at night silly." She giggled some more.

I chuckle, following on her joke. "Yeah, sure we can." I let her down, letting her show me more of what she found on the internet. It's scary knowing that a vampire like Flandre can surf the internet, yet it's also cute at the same time. I remembered her reaction when I showed her the internet for the first time. Needless to say, she'll get addicted to it. Something that I will prevent even if my whole life depends on it.

Later, we start dinner. It's already six, and the time to take baths is seven. We ate our dinner with our constant bickering and talking, I've felt my body getting sweaty even though I'm inside. What is wrong with me? What did I do or ate to make me increase my metabolism? Whatever it is, I'm sure it's something I'm aware of but I'm just too slow to realize what it is yet. I finished my pasta, yet I'm still feeling hungry. I gulped down the glass of water that I had with me, finishing them almost too quickly.

"I'll do the dishes, you girls can go to the baths first." I told Sakuya-san and Flandre. I stand and began picking up the dishes and glasses that needs cleaning.

"Really, thank you. We'll wait for you at the baths then." As I was busy with the dishes, Sakuya-san and Flandre left. It took me about six minutes to deal with the dishes. I dried my hands before getting my clothes and other bathing necessities. I exit my apartment before locking the door. Everything is off, lights, heater, TV and even the stove. There's nothing for me to worry about.

As I made my way towards the street, I can't help but notice that something is rather… amiss. It's as if something felt wrong yet I'm unsure of what it is. There is this sense of insecurity clouding my mind, as if I'm on maximum paranoia. The streets are dark, with every corner having the same uneasy feeling lingering off from them. I felt my feet increasing their walking pace, maybe I'm doing this unconsciously or maybe I'm not.

The night is quiet. Too quiet for comfort. I've had experience in walking alone at nights but none of them is this… suspenseful. It's like walking into a door that holds a monster inside, just like those thriller movies that I've been watching. The fact that I'm using my all too familiar shortcut does not help. I don't have my baton with me… I walked, crossing the alley. My mind thought, 'This is where I met Flandre…'

Unconsciously, my palms balled into a set of fists. Remembering what happened that day is so worrying. Those punks had better learned their lessons… I shake my head to dismiss the thought. I'm finally at the end of the alley, all I need to do is to make the right turn. Today was rather tiring. A nice, long and hot bath is what I need. What else could go wrong?

"Unhand me you imbecile!"

Screw me and my big head…

The voice came from up ahead, to which I immediately focus my attention to. I can see two women, one is lying on the ground unconscious and the other one is being occupied by three familiar individual punks. My worry flared instantly flared at the sight of the seemingly unconscious woman and the three men harassing the other girl.

Déjà vu hits me like a brick. I have no time in thinking, so I act out my thoughts. I ran, with my things scattered on the street. I could care less for them, all I could think about are the two women. I don't have any form of self-defense weapon with me, I left my baton at home and I have zero skills in hand to hand defense.

I could call the cops, but they won't help much right now. "Hey let'em go you freaks! I thought I told you three what happens the next time you pull something like this?!" I found myself shouting. I have nothing to back me up, unless I count the water dipper which I had dropped nearby. "You guys seem to have a nick for getting into situations, huh?"

They laughed at my valiant effort, laughing as if I'm nothing but a mere bug. I was pissed, but I know that getting pissed won't help me. The last thing I want is to get into the hospital or worse, killed. I gulped down the lump that I have in my throat, I know that I'm screwed if I don't find a way to get these guys away. My eyes darted at the two women, one unconscious and one is still in hostage. The one is hostage is afraid, yet she is showing signs of fighting back. I'm concerned about the one who is unconscious though…

"Hoh? What're you gonna do? Call the cops on us?" one of the punks, the leader with the familiar and ever so ugly mug taunted with a sneer on his face. His goons behind him, one is holding one of the women hostage, while the other one is armed with a wooden bat, laughed with him. "We'll like to see you try kid. Get'm!"

The one with the bat charges forward, the wooden matte painted red bat ready for a swing. My instincts flared, I act out at the very last second. I may not have any combat experience, but I have watched a good amount of action movies. I followed what my sources shown me. I ducked under the strike, clumsily if I might add, but I still managed to land a good hit on the groin. Yes, I don't care if I'm fighting dirty.

The hit was more fatal than I thought, since the man instantly drop like a dead moth to the ground. He is clutching his genital in pain. I cringed too, instinctively. I grab his bat and proceeded to hit him repeatedly in the sides, doing a good number on his ribs. I'm not this brutal, but these guys need to learn their lesson. Flandre was a victim, thankfully saved, before.

"You bitch!" the boss, the skinny and scrawny man lunged with a speed befitting his figure. I raised the bat and harshly swing the weapon across the guy's face. There was this loud and bone breaking crack. I think I might have disfigured the guy. The hit was hard since I put all my energy into it, there's no way he isn't hurt from that.

As I expected, he is hurt. Badly too. He is bleeding from his mouth. Forget disfiguring him, I freaking dislocated his jaw. The guy's lower jaw is literally hanging open, blood oozing out from it. I made a sickened expression. But I quickly dismissed it since I have a third person to worry about. I swing the bat threateningly at the man who is holding one of the girls captive. He flinched at the sight of me holding the bat.

"You know what to do buddy. Run and don't come back, and take your friends with you!" I shouted. He released the girl and immediately went to drag his friends away. I drop the bat, discarding it. I was about to check on the girl who was hold captive, but I was surprised to see her covered already and tending to her friend.

"Patche! Patche! Answer me Patche!"

She is panicked, I can already tell. After all, her friend is unconscious from what I could tell. I ran to her side, helping her. She slapped my hands away, something that shocked me. Her red eyes glared at me as she protectively stood in front of her friend with her hands outstretched. I raised my hands. "Whoa calm down there, I was trying to help." I tried reasoning with her.

"That's what those trash told us too, and look where it has gotten us!?" so she was lied to? Damn, it's going to be hard to convince her then.

I pursed my lips, thinking of a way to make her believe that I could help her. "Listen here, I can help. I know a place where your friend could rest." I said in hopes of convincing her. I saw her hesitantly lowering her hand. Good, this is working. "We need to get there quick – is she breathing?" I asked her.

"Yes, she is…"

I nodded in relief. "Good. Come, we need to carry her." I stepped forward with the intention of carrying the unconscious woman. But again, I was blocked. "Come on, we can't play who is who now!" I nearly shouted. I pointed my finger at the woman quickly. "Your friend needs help, if she don't get it quick, who knows what'll happen?"

She thought about it before eventually moving out of the way. I bent down to pick the woman up, feeling myself heavier since I have to carry another weight. "Follow me." I said to the other girl who nodded. We ran as fast as we could to the parking area, we entered through the backdoor. At this hour, the person handling the door in front is not on duty, so people have to use the backdoor in order to get their car.

We entered the parking area and immediately went for my car. I always have my car keys around with me, and it's a good thing that I kept that kind of habit with me. I opened the door of my car. It's going to be stuffy since it's only a two seated vehicle. In the end, we managed to get into the car with little difficulty. I drive us to the hospital, taking in shortcuts along the way.

Throughout the journey, the girl is focused on her friend. I could tell that they are close. They are also wearing strange clothes… reminded me of something. But our journey was silent, only with her constant muttering of her friend's name which is 'Patche'. We arrived in the hospital minutes later, I opened the door and called out the nurses and other hospital staff. Soon later, a stretcher was brought out, and this Patche woman was put on it immediately.

"Can you please park my car? I really need to be there."

"Uh… sure."

I asked one of the staff to park my car and thankfully, he understood my situation. We went to ER immediately, and I don't know if this other girl has been to a hospital or what. She looked so confused, but she is also focused on her friend who is on the bed. We eventually reached the end line, where people are not allowed to enter.

"I'm sorry sir, little girl, but you can't enter. The doctors will do their best on helping the patient so please wait outside." A nurse spoke to us.

"What do you mean wait outside!? My friend is in there unconscious, so if you're telling me to wait outside, dream on!" this girl tried to force her way in, but I was there to stop her. She struggled in my grip, trying to shake her way out forcibly. "Unhand me!"

"Just wait here, the people there will do their all to help your friend. She'll be okay in no time." I convinced her. Eventually, she calmed down. I escort her to the row of waiting chairs on the side, we sat side by side, getting ready for a talk. The atmosphere was silent, typical for a hospital. Not many people are here right now, I could tell…

Piece by piece, everything was eventually formed in my brain. I speak, and my words shocked the girl sitting beside me.

"Miss Remilia Scarlet, I presume?"

Well, this is going to take a while… and I'm glad that I bought extras at the restaurant before...

A/N: Du dun! So, how is it?

Remilia and Patche's finally here, things are starting to get serious… Fufufufu! Things will definitely get darker in terms of character relationship from now on, especially the reaction from Flandre, Remilia and our OC.

On a bright side, this story will get even more action in the near future. Good thing for you action loving readers. But not so much though, I'm prioritizing the drama part after all. A lot will be coming in after the next few chapters.

If you guys hate family conflicts, disagreement, trouble or any other Korean drama shit, I suggest you all stop reading now. Cuz I'ma tell you that it will happen. It . Will. Happen.

To all who will still follow, I thank you and you won't be disappointed.

Things might be rushed, but actually, it isn't. I'm just trying to keep all the important parts for later. It won't be too interesting if Flandre were to meet her sister now would it?

So, anyways, hope you guys enjoyed it and have a good day/night!
