

I wake up to the morning's light. On my vision, I'm seeing the ever so familiar ceiling of my medium sized apartment room, the light was still on. Maybe I forgot to turn them off last night. As I wake up, I noticed something different. The room that I'm in has appeared to be… smaller, if I could say. I look to the right and left.

"Ah… so that's why."

I remembered what happened last night. It all started when I left my campus due to a sickness and long story short, now I have a middle school girl in my apartment. What unnerves me is not the fact that I have a girl who is way younger than me, but it's the fact that said girl currently sleeping in the same bed as I do.

I do not know why she did this, but I'll wake her if I were to speak loudly. So I slowly slip myself away from bed, careful enough to not wake the sleeping girl. As I stand, I watched her sleeping form. She's akin to that of a child, from my knowledge, a middle schooler does not sleep while suckling on her thumb. It's a rather cute side, I have to admit.

Scratching my head, I vividly remember what I said yesterday night. I promised to Flandre that we would have a discussion about her being here. For a moment, I stop to think. Even if we did have a conversation, what are we going to talk about? Hm… looks like that' something that I have to think of.

Looking at the clock, I noticed that I woke up later than I want. I was supposed to wake up at around five or so, but instead, I found myself waking up at six. It's a good thing that I don't have anything important going on in campus; otherwise I'll get some good amount of scolding by my sensei.

But still, I need to attend campus. I walked over to the sleeping girl; I nudge her shoulders lightly, planning to wake her up. "Flan-chan…? Flan-chan? Kid, wake up." As I try harder and harder, she slowly opens her eyes. Her ruby like crimson eyes are slowly opening, letting me have the first view. I can still say that she's sleepy; maybe it was better to just leave a note or something.

"Good morning." I said. I wait for her reaction, but I'm guessing that I won't be getting one anytime soon. Looking at her image, it's almost like a girl who's late at her first day of school. I am not sure if she has school going on. She slowly rubbed her eyes, blinking trying to get herself awake. Her face froze up, to my confusion.

Then, it returned to normal. Maybe she realized that she wasn't in her house anymore? I saw her hanging her head, preventing me from having a look on her face. She's got to be sad, after all, it's not normal for a girl to be in the kind of position that she's in right now. Her silent cry is enough to make me feel awful first thing in the morning.

So for the sake of myself and her, I lift the mood. "Hey, are you hungry? I'll fix us some food, what would you like to eat?" I asked the girl while leaning, holding my knees for support. I hope that she will not ask me for something expensive, this month's budget is a little… inconvenient for me. And I still need to cook for dinner later.

Thankfully, that worked. She looked up, the expression of sadness replaced by expectation. Maybe she's hungry or something. "Really?" I heard her asked. "You'll cook for me?" asked the shorter of the both of us to me. I blinked. What is she saying? Of course I'll cook for her. Didn't she have anyone that cooks for her at her house?

"Yeah, I'll cook for you. What do you want to eat? I'll cook you anything that I could think of." I said with a grin in hopes of cheering the girl up. I'm not good with kids, and I guess that Flandre falls to the 'children' category. She's still wearing the jacket that I lent her, the jacket is too big for her, but I'm sure that she's comfortable to wear them.

She giggled, something that made me happy. "I'll eat anything… but I don't like spicy food." Aww… she's shy, the way she's murmuring is like a child who's too shy to order her first food in a restaurant. But I don't have the luxury to wait, I'll need to cook food for the both of us quick.

"Okay, then eggs and bacon will do, right?" something simple yet delicious. I'll cook more on dinner tonight. I'll go home at lunch break to cook lunch for Flandre here, since my apartment and campus is near, not to mention to the supermarket, I can go home during break and cook and also eat here.

"Um." She nodded.

I smiled, nodding too. I walked to the kitchen, as soon as I reached there, I open my fridge to grab the ingredients that I need for today's breakfast. I bought eggs yesterday, and also some other things for monthly restock. It's a good thing that I bought more than what I intended to, or else I'll be forced to watch Flandre eat with no food on my plate. Taking out the eggs, I placed them on a bowl that I took out from the cupboards. I readied my frying pan, covering it with oil and heating it up.

I took out two eggs, to which I crack and mix them in the bowl that I took earlier. I'll settle for scrambled eggs today, too lazy to make a perfect sunny side up. I'm sure that Flandre won't mind. I placed the bacons first unto the pan, the sizzling of meat against the hot steel surface is satisfying to listen. Instantly, I could already smell the juicy aroma of bacon. Flandre could smell it too, even if she's not in the kitchen. I open the window, so that the smell of pork won't linger for far too long in my apartment. Now all that's left is to pour the battered eggs and leave it to cook.

A while later, I finally finished cooking. Turning off the stove, I did so with care. The food is now done, I divide the portion equally, placing them on a plate. One eggs and two stripes of bacon for Flandre and I, but something tells me that I should've cooked more… oh well, the girl must be starving, I better get back to her.

As I exit the kitchen, I see Flandre sitting on one of the chairs quietly. She's probably thinking, a lot must be going on in her mind. I walked with both plates on hand, after reaching the table, I placed them gently on the table's surface, while I too take a seat myself. As I expected, Flandre must be so deep in thought that she didn't even noticed me until I placed down the plates.

There're forks and spoons ready for us to use. I grabbed one pair and placed them near Flander's dish, the food's still hot and it's better to eat it this way. "Here, hope you like it." I said out. She slowly reached for the forks and spoon, after taking them, she began eating silently. She's grabbing the bacons first, then began to eat the eggs.

I'm glad that she likes it. I really don't have the time to cook for today, I need to go to university quick. So, I began eating too, but in a more fast manner than Flandre. I finished my breakfast in a matter of minutes, also careful on trying to not burn my tongue. Now with and empty plate, I fold my hands, muttering a silent thank you.

It seems that Flandre has also finished her food, which makes it all easier. But I still need to get dressed though… my apartment is a one room thing, I don't even have a bathroom installed here, and the thought of having to change while a girl is in the same room as I am right now is… not comforting. I gulped down air, feeling a little nervous.

"Eh… Flan-chan, could I ask you to face that way for a moment?" I point my finger towards the other wall that is on the other side of the room. She looks confused as I expected. What am I going to say…? Ah hell, I'll just go and tell it directly. Even so, that doesn't help my nervousness to go down for some reason.

"Why…?" she asked me.

"I need to change my clothes." I made a gesture to the clothes that I'm wearing right now. "If you're watching me while I'm changing my clothes it's… well, it's embarrassing." I nodded, hiding my true feeling, which is embarrassment. The girl stood silent at my explanation. Was I not clear? Should I speak in a more… simpler manner?

"Okay." She suddenly said, snapping out of my thoughts. She nodded. "I'll look away." She then turns her body around, away from my direction.

I blinked. Huh… so she does know… well, whatever. I need to change quick, and by quick I mean quick. I opened my wardrobe, where many selections of clothes are available for me to choose from. Today is a rather normal day, so I'll go with something out of the unusual. Usually in campus, I would wear a t-shirt and a jacket with jeans and plain white trainers. I thought that I'll go for a different change of wardrobe today. Just for the heck of it.

I choose a plain white collared shirt and a black blazer to go over it, as for my pants, I have a matching pair of black slacks that fits me. Instead of my usual white trainers, I'll choose the black and white converse sneakers. I have my watch on my wrist to keep me updated about the time. My hair's kind of messy, better use some hair gel to make it neater.

After a few minutes of self-makeover, I'm finally done. I donned myself on the mirror, and I must say… I don't look so bad. My Asian and half Italian ancestry really affects my features though. I have a thin goatee already, even if I'm only in my early twenties. People tend to mistake me as someone older, where I'm actually not, but it's not like I have problems with that.

"Okay, I'm done. You can stop staring at the wall now." I called out while fixing my clothes. I heard the slight turning of clothes from behind me, guess she turned this way already. On a hanger that I placed on the wall, I hung my case there. I take Politics and International studies as my majors. I plan to be a Politician, and I'm rather interested in the career myself. Of course, this was not what I want to be originally. My parents convinced me a few years back, after a lot of research, I began to find interest in it.

Originally, I plan on becoming an author. A career that has no relation or whatsoever to the one that I'm taking right now. It began when I was five, apparently, I was a good storyteller back then. My uncle would always, along with my father and mother as well as my other family members, to listen to my nonsense and ridiculous stories. I remembered telling a story about a pirate who went to mars to share his treasures with the martians, and another one about a princess who married a prince who is actually a zebra… yeah, they're an embarrassment.

At that point, I took interest in reading as well as writing. But… it didn't go well.

Ahem… anyway… I'm gonna be late if I kept on standing here and getting busy with my own thoughts. Need to get to campus… right now. Grabbing my case, I walked over to the door. Before I leave, I turned my head towards the blonde haired girl. "I'll be going to university, I'll need you to stay here and don't go out unless if it's really, really necessary." It'll be bad if my neighbors started learning that I have a young girl in my room. "I'll be back around twelve, so keep yourself busy with some books or the TV."

I saw her nod slowly. Good, she understands. I nod in satisfaction, before opening the door to leave.

Flandre's P.O.V

"What's a… TV?"

OC's P.O.V

"Um… I'm sure that she'll be fine."

I didn't lock the door, figuring that Flandre will lock it. Thankfully, they allow people to take spare keys in this apartment. Normally, they would always leave the spare keys to the landlord or landlady for safekeeping, but I'm lucky enough to live in the one that doesn't. As I walked down the stairs, I noticed that there're people moving things inside the room that I saw yesterday.

So they haven't finished unpacking yet? Weird… if there's someone new who's going to live here, I'm sure that the landlord will announce it. Shrugging it off, I continue on my way to campus. I exit the apartment complex, walking towards the direction where I'm supposed to go. I take this route every time I went to campus. It's quick and safe.

As I walked, my mind is focusing on one thing. Flandre. Who is she? Isn't it weird for someone like her to just be attacked last night? I may not know if it's coincidence or not, but… this is more than what I thought it would be. The police station may be far from here, but that doesn't mean that officers won't do their patrols around this area. In fact, this is where they usually do their patrols. It's possible to think that the officers were having a change of schedule in their night patrol, but isn't it kind of strange for that area, where I met Flandre, is the only one left unattended?