
Again, it might just be coincidences… Second, if Flandre is a foreigner then… how was she able to speak perfect Japanese? I studied different language for about five to six years, and I can definitely say that I still have problems in grammar and vocabularies, but Flandre, someone who is no doubt two times younger than me, is able to speak it so simply. I may not know her experience, whether or not she's trained in different languages or not, but I can say that it's almost… almost impossible.

And third… is it just me or there's something… off about Flandre? I just found out about this recently, or to be exact, today, this morning. When I was cooking, my eyes caught sight of Flandre inching away from the sunlight in the room. I got a good look on her face, and it showed the face of someone who is uncomfortable. I shrugged it off thinking that it was nothing but… that alone is weird for me.

I have a lot going through my mind… but most is about the mysterious girl who is currently in my house. I haven't decided on letting Flandre live in my apartment, we haven't even talked for God's sake, but I'm not the type of guy who could just tell a girl to live out there in the dark straight to her face. So, I made a plan. First, I'll talk to her. Tonight is perfect. Second, I'll hear her story out. And third, I'll be extremely reasonable.

Even if I let Flandre stay in my apartment, I doubt that there isn't a single soul out there who would worry for her absence. From what she told me last night, her Onee-sama send her away out here. That alone is critical information right there, what's more, she also mentioned about her 'losing control again' or whatever. A lot of possible scenarios run through my mind. The thought of Flandre was actually an unstable mentally illed patient comes to mind. Or she's actually a psychopath who murders and so the reason of her sister is sending her away from home…

Those scenarios are the only thing that my imaginative brain could think of. Thank you failure of a childhood dream.

Slowly, I feel that things are going to get a little bit more… troublesome. Ah screw it, I know that they'll be flying blue balls. My walking has taken me to the streets, I didn't even notice it. It's a wonder that I didn't even bumped to some people. Maybe this is what they meant by having a multitasking brain. As I walked, I was once again submerged in the business of the streets of Tokyo. I heard that Osaka is less crowded from a friend, of the same country, who lives there.

But I'm not going to take my chances and visit the place… after all, train tickets are quite high this time of the year. As I walked, I take a brief glance at my watch. I can feel my face showing a displeased expression. That's it. I'm late. Oh well, there's nothing else I can do about it. The traffic light that stood across of me shows me its ever so frustrating halt sign. I sighed lightly, not planning to bother the people next to me. As I wait, my eyes aimlessly travel from the buildings to the sky, where the clouds area slowly moving towards the direction of the wind.

I was absorbed in this until I heard the ever so familiar clicking sound. The crowd of people began to cross the street, I walk joining in. I can feel that something is going to be different starting from today. Sweat trickled down my brow, expressing my silent anxiety for unknown reasons. My eyes flickered aimlessly, seemingly, as if to search for something.

Whatever is going to happen… I pray to God that it won't be something bad.

Mysterious person's P.O.V

"Hm…" a figure, silently and unmovingly watched from atop of a small building. The figure's appearance is dark and shady, but it's enough to determine what its gender is. The figure, no doubt a female, watched silently towards the busy streets of Tokyo. Her hair billowed slightly in the calm and gentle wind of summer. Her calculative and ever focusing eyes are currently throwing darts at a certain male.

Her lips stretched to a small frown. Did she make a mistake? No, she couldn't. She saw it with her own eyes that, no doubt, he is the one who is responsible. Her face cloaked by the stoicness of her feature, she slowly trailed her head towards the far horizon of tall skyscrapers in Tokyo. Gleaming under the sun, her grey eyes are enough to catch the attention of most people.

It's a good thing that she's good at what she's doing, or else things will definitely be even more difficult from now on. This place is a strange place… yet it's familiar to her. Her silent gaze is in sync with the wind's hymn, billowing and flowing on everything that is under her. Humans… a large number of them, here. This is really the outside world. She has knowledge of this place thanks to a certain somebody that she knew.

Of course, that certain somebody didn't simply spill the beans just like she had asked her to do.

Never mind that. As she looks behind her, she noticed a natural change in the wind. Her red scarf slowly billowed under the constant blowing of wind, her skin did not feel the slightest bit of cold. It's time to return to her temporary abode. She needs to think… to think and plan this all carefully. Someone would be very displeased if this mission were to be a failure.

Flandre's P.O.V

…

…

It's silent.

The silence reminded her of her home. Her home, her Onee-sama. Her feet curled at remembering what had happen to have caused her in this situation and condition she's in. The ticking of the clock reminded her even more of the atmosphere that she's familiar with it. It's taunting her. It's blaming her for her mistakes.

She felt irritated, scared and sad at the same time. She felt irritated because of the fact that she has lost control over her power again. Not only once. Not only twice. Not thrice. It's even for the fourth time either. It's been too many… too many to count. She can see why her Onee-sama sent her away, and she has reasons for that, she knows.

She's scared. Out of all the things that she's feeling, she is most definitely terrified. This place… the outside world, is a place where humans live. Humans, just like the Onii-san that saved her. She shouldn't be afraid of humans… but after what had happen last night, she can't help but be so. Humans… vile, cruel, dirty… yet not all of them are like that. The Onii-san who saved her… who rescued her… he helped her when she's powerless. She was afraid to think that her very touch might kill him, but it seems that her powers are on a mess right now.

She's sad… she's sad because she won't be seeing her home for a long time. Her eyes closed tightly due to her unable to control her emotions. That's a bad thing. When she feels sad, angry or even happy… bad things happens. That's why she cannot be happy, angry or even sad. Her powers are gone. She is just like them… humans.

Her pair of ruby orbs bare the image of her small palms intently, these hands that used to destroy everything it touches… now it's useless. It can't do anything. It can't destroy, it can't make things broken… she's just… a normal girl. Wait. Is she normal? If so, then why does she feel different? Why is it that she feels so… scared? Why? She has never been so sad, angry and scared in her life.

She's feeling mixed feelings… each of them are like poison to her body. Her eyes struggled to not water, but instead of water, blood leaked out. She remembers her sister. Her words.

"Flandre Scarlet, get out of my sight!"

Her anger.

"I hereby forbid you entrance to this house until you have properly control your powers!"

Her love.

"…This is not only for me. This is also for you."

…

…

Today is… today is terrible. It's so terrible. She wished that this was all a dream. A dream that will end when she opens her eyes. A dream that is actually a nightmare that has been constantly feeding into her very own soul… a bad, terrible nightmare that feels too real to be true… a nightmare that she hopes will never happen ever, ever, ever again…

Her ruby eyes open.

Of course, it's impossible.

OC's P.O.V

"That it's for today class."

I stretched my hands out in the air, relieving myself off all the lectures and boredom that I have gained through class. University is plain, boring, as always… a white colored campus life is not even what I'm experiencing right now. It's too plain and boring to be called white. I began to tidy my desk, placing papers into files and files into my case.

I fixed my collar, seeing that it was messed up due to me shifting positions a lot of times before. My eyes travelled slowly towards the door that leads outside to the hallway. I saw a couple holding hands together secretly, while trying to look intimate at the same time. People my age are usually in a relationship already or they have ever been in one at some point in their life.

I imagined what it would be like to have a girlfriend who's always there by my side… like that's possible. I'm not looking for a special person right now, so I'll think about that way later. I stood up from my seat, exiting the classroom. The hallway is busy with teenagers who are aiming at their career with serious intentions. University is no place of jokers. The professors here are unlike the teachers in grade, middle or even high school.

They're like robots when they're teaching. They expect you to know what you are asking, they expect you to know what you are hearing and they definitely expect you to know what you're doing here. They'll score the tests as if they're some automatic paper checker. They'll cross out every mistake without even telling you what you did wrong, after all, they expect us to know what we're doing here.
