In short, university is no place for kids. It's a place for young professionals who are aiming to achieve their future in the best way there is. I personally think that it's no stranger for someone to make mistake, or in other words, fail. But I do try my very best to keep up with the pace around here. I'm no genius, I'm no Mr. Popular who gets all the attention of his colleague. I'm just an ordinary young professional adult, who is aiming to achieve my future in the best way there is.

…

I need to go to back home right now… it's twelve, I'll make it around twelve thirty at home. So, I began setting my apartment as my destination. There's no need to get excuse, unless if you're sick, if you need to go home. The campus lets us go home to take a few things, but I guess that also counts for making lunch for a guest. A mysterious guest.

So, anyway, I leave campus without anyone noticing. I walked home, going through the same steps and places that I cover. The streets, the crowd, the traffic light, the busy atmosphere… all of those things are like my daily music and film. I see them every day, including weekends, and never once am I tired of the same repetitive scene. Though I am bored.

As I'm absorbed into the street's usual sensation, my phone vibrates. It quickly and immediately so snaps me out of my stupor. I reached inside my pocket to grab it. Sliding open the screen, I brought it close to my ear.

"Hello?"

"It's me, your mother. How are things going on over there?"

"Mom… I hope that you're calling from a line number… international calls on phone are expensive…"

"Don't worry, don't worry. And yes, I'm calling from home."

"I see… so, what do you want to talk about?"

"Nothing. Can't I call my son to ask how he's doing?"

I suppressed a sigh. "I'm fine mom. Things are going well, I'm doing fine. I'm thinking of finding a job though."

"Is that so? Hm… then go. But remember to find the one that pays well, and don't make yourself tired."

"Yes mom."

"Love you honey, I'll call you again some other time. Bye."

"Bye."

My mother… she acts just like what a mother would be. My father is away most of the time, he is preoccupied with his business travels. I don't mind that, in fact, I'm glad to have a father who is working hard for his family's sake. My mother, on the other hand, is always at home. See… she's actually, sick. Sick, real sick.

She was diagnosed with cancer a few years back. The news is like the end of the world for me. I was still in my second year of high school at that time. I remembered working my butt off at a construction site in my country, originally, students like I was at that time aren't allowed to work there. But I begged, I begged on my knees for work. I explained my situation, and I finally got it.

Of course, working there was short. Only for about eight to nine months. Even so, I worked non-stop. Every time I finished school, I would always go to work. Working from six in the evening until five in the morning… it was literal hell for me. I don't spend much time at home too, but I'm doing it for my mother. After I finished my shift, I would return home and take shower before going to school. The same process was repeated for a whole eight to nine months.

My mother knew about it, and boy was she sad. She said that I don't have to work for her. I rejected, of course, I'm doing it for her no matter what. We had a really large argument about it… I told her that I'm still keeping up with my studies, even if I did stepped down a few ranks below. I told her that I got everything under control… but she didn't believe me.

It's almost as if she has no faith for me, her own son.

At that moment, I felt truly disappointed. I worked hard for her, for her condition, and that was how she repaid me? I remembered being angry, frustrated and irritated. After that, I remember leaving the house for a few days, maybe a week even. Long story short, I return home, apologize and ask for forgiveness from my parents, especially my mother. And we got back to normal. We return to being the happy and normal family we were as usual. Still, my mother's condition isn't getting better…

I think that the main reason why she allowed me to go to Japan to study is because she doesn't want me to worry about her… but what a foolish thing for her to do. I can't help but worry about her condition even more. She is staying with her sister, my aunt, at her place. I'm just relieved to know that she has someone to take care of her in my place.

…

…

I stepped inside the apartment complex, seeing that I have arrived. It took longer for me to arrive back home, which means that I'll have to run back to campus. Hm… it seems that whoever it is that is going to stay here has finished with their furnishing. I pay it no further mind, walking up the stairs to get to my door.

Reaching my door, I knocked, warning Flan that I've returned. I twist the door knob open, and was surprised to find only emptiness. Don't mistake it as in being literally empty. My things are still here, but there is no one here. Yup, Flan is nowhere to be seen. I closed the door behind me, I looked around the room. Hm… where is she? Did she went out?

I walked into the kitchen, and as I expected, Flandre's not there. I scratched my head. Just where is that kid…?

"Zzzz…. Zzzz…"

The sound of light snoring caught my attention. I looked around, trying to figure out where the sound came from. I walked, finding myself closer to the source. It's my wardrobe. With curious intentions, I opened the wardrobe's door.

"Zzz…"

…

I never thought that anyone would be innocent enough to sleep inside a wardrobe. There she is, the one that I'm looking for, Flandre herself, sleeping like a toddler. She is asleep, with her feet curled and her arms folded, hugging her small and lithe frame closer making her fit inside of the wardrobe. I scratched my head. Why on earth would this girl sleep inside the drawer?

I still have the futon spread out, she could've jus slept there… anyway, it's not healthy for her to sleep inside the drawer like this. She'll catch a cold. I kneel down, my hands reaching to scoop her into my arms. She's light. I carry her towards the futon and I lay her gently, careful on not waking her up. I cover the sheets for her, my eyes focused on her sleeping face.

…so much for making lunch. But maybe… I'll just make lunch, in case Flandre wakes up. I leave the sleeping girl alone, I walked towards the kitchen. I opened my fridge, and so begin my cooking 101.

After cooking… I wrapped the dish that I made with plastic wrapper. I made a simple omurice for her. I also made one for me earlier, so there's no need for me to buy lunch at campus anymore. I placed them on the dining table, with a note saying, 'Please eat this. When I came back, you were asleep. I hope it's delicious.'

I looked at the room one last time, with my case slung over my shoulders. She's sleeping… the TV is not on. And I touched it earlier, it's not even warm. Did she just slept as soon as I left? Mah, not my problem. I closed the door to my apartment, leaving for campus. I walked down the stairs in a fast pace, break ends in twenty more minutes. I can go back to campus if I'm quick.

Third person P.O.V

As the young man left, he failed to notice a presence watching over him. From the darkness, from the shadows. A pair of eyes could be seen watching him the moment he left his apartment. The presence vanished, leaving the plane of existence.

A/N: I've decided to make this as a series, I don't care if you hate it or not, but I'll still continue it. I hope that it's good, since I'm not that good at writing in first person point of view. I'll be updating my other stories sooner, since it's a national and public holiday at where I'm living right now.

Oh, I have a question. If you guys know any good Touhou music out there, please let me know in the review section. I prefer things like Classics, Ballad, Acoustics…

Aside from that… may you have a good time, and good day/night!