Jun looked at me with an uneasy expression. He scratched the back of his head, looking unsure. "Are you sure that you won't mind waiting outside, Rei?" he asked me.

I shrugged in reply. "I don't mind." I leaned in, tapping him on the shoulder. "Just make sure that you call me if things went wrong." I whispered lowly so that only the both of us could hear it. I quickly retracted myself to avoid further suspicion. Giving Jun a mock salute, I dismiss myself from him. Jun and the person who appears to be in charge went inside the room. For a moment, I could see and hear the party sensation. It's one of those parties for the rich; good thing I didn't went in.

Speaking of going in… something is definitely suspicious. And it's not because I don't like the way that guy's been staring at me ever since we met him. My paranoia is getting the better of me. Dammit. I need to get access inside the room. I looked around, just an empty hallway filled with men dressed in suits and equipped with automatic guns. I can see people from Jun's group being ushered away by a different group of men. Suspicious…

"Oi, oi… lay off of us, kay? What the hell did we do wrong?" one person, dressed in a black and red formal attire growled at a man wearing a black and blue attire. "We're just heading inside for some fun."

"I'm sorry but it seems you punk don't understand the rules here, ze." The man dressed in black and blue is bald and rather heavy built. "Parties are for guests only, you lot might be guests but you're not the official guests here oi."

The reply seemed to have made the man in red even more irritated. "Why you little…"

Okay, so Jun was right on his family not being in good terms with his fiancée's family. If their henchmen are arguing amongst each other, he can't imagine what it would be like within the higher ups. The more I'm thinking, the stranger the conclusion I'm coming to. If Jun's father wanted to establish a good relationship with Mai-san's group by marrying his son to Mai-san, then… won't that be not beneficial in terms of power?

I didn't know who offered the marriage thing first, but if Jun's not looking forward to it so much, I'll have to take a guess that it's Jun's father who offered first. From what I could see, Jun himself is nervous about this whole marriage interview charade. And come on, marriage interviews are supposed to be done privately; it's a standard Japanese custom. Then why on earth would they rent an entire five starred hotel and held a party just for that? Not to mention, the high security going on… those men with the high tech weapons are definitely not from Jun's group either.

I don't like this… I need to get inside… easier said than done. My thinking has brought me the disadvantage. There are now two tall and burly men guarding the front door. They are guarding the doors like those Chinese stone lion dogs thing. Something tells me opening the door itself will be a hard task… I can't do anything from where I'm at.

Jun… I hope that you're safe buddy.

As the son of a mafia crime lord, Jun is used to this kind of atmosphere that surrounded him. People of the wealthy status gathering, wasting both time and money just for the sake of showing off their wealth… for him, that's stupid. Even with his father's status, Jun never really cared if he was gifted with a wealthy life; he didn't care even for a bit. A life like this, where every day is spent by meeting new people, marriage interviews just so that his father could keep up his appearance… it's a boring life.

But things ceased to become boring when he interacted with his classmate at university, Rei. That guy is a mystery… a real mystery. They never really talk much even in campus, much less interact. It seems that his boring life was changed when Rei made that call weeks ago about that favor. His life had changed so much, so much that it came to the point of getting himself nearly killed a few weeks back. That sense of panic he felt, it's… it's… exciting!

Now, he'd gone as far as to ask Rei to accompany him into this event; deep inside, he knew that he couldn't trust anyone except for that guy… What could he say? The guy saved him from that incident, and the guy's apparently interesting to talk to. He'd never got to socialize or get to know a person like that… no fake smiles, no one calling him in his father's name… Rei sees him as him. An idiot with thick pockets.

"Judging from the smile you're making, I take it that you are enjoying the party, Junichi-kun?" the man who was leading him suddenly asked. Junichi didn't realize that he had been smiling since before. Then, the man sighed. "I sincerely apologize if you don't. We are not able to book a more proper hotel for this event."

"Ah, it's fine. I was actually wondering what the party's all about… I mean, I'm here for a marriage interview, right?" Junichi asked uneasily.

"You are right. But it would be a waste to not celebrate Mai-sama's meeting with her soon to be husband, is that not?" The older man chuckled. "Both Lord Takahiro had discussed with Mai-sama's father that your interview should be under the cover of a party, it would make us meeting less suspicious to be… opposing parties."

Jun could easily guess that 'opposing parties' translates to both the police and rival families… but still… this man is from a rival family too, isn't that like a contradiction? Maybe he's thinking about it too much but that didn't get the feeling of uneasiness off.

The two figures walked across the party, evading the crowds that might gather over them. Security is putting constant watch of the two, making it impossible for intruders to sneak through. They end up at the other end of large ballroom, where a door is present. The man who is leading Jun got the two thugs who were guarding the door to open them to let them through; Jun found himself in another set of hallway, this one with a tighter security.

As Jun walks, he begins to grow uneasy. Are armored personnel even necessary… was the thought that went along his head when he passed by a few men equipped with ballistic costume. Something is definitely wrong… he must call Rei at once. But how? He doesn't want to put suspicion on him. Jun hoped that Rei is thinking of something right now…

With a certain main character…

"Guh… this air vent smells a dead rat…eew… what the— Oh fuck! I just crawled on a dead rat!"

…But sadly, not a single fuck was given to our hero.

Back with Jun…

Gulping really hard, Jun masked the uneasy face with a laugh. "Then wouldn't it be better if we held it at the compound then?" he asked with barely contained nervousness. As they went pass two men equipped with automatic weapons who stood guard along the hallways, Jun could feel his sense of awareness arising. It seemed that he has to have a change of priority; he'll just say hi and leave instantly. This atmosphere is just too groundbreaking for the Yakuza heir…

"Oho, that would indeed be a better choice than holding an event like this." The scrawny attendant nodded in agreement. "But Mai-sama's father suggested to your father that it would be more…neutral if we do this in a public area." He pointed out with a finger raised.

'Though it seems like this area isn't so public anymore…' Jun thought to himself silently.

"Also," the attendant resumed. "today is Mai-sama's birthday. So there's no wrong in holding a party in guise of the actual event, no?" the scrawny man half asked half laughed.

Wait… if today is her birthday, then doesn't that mean—the reason that this place was so secure; was only due to that reason? There's no backstabbing and secret mafia conspiracy going on behind the screen? Jun resisted the urge to do a major face palm right where he's at, he had been too paranoid all along! Looks like Rei was right after all… still… there's no wrong in him to worry, because if all of these men are all for the birthday, then he couldn't even imagine what would the family compound of this Mai chick is like.

"Well, Junichi-kun, Mai-sama is waiting inside." Their walk comes to an end eventually. Right in front of Jun is a double door that definitely is the place where this Mai chick is waiting. With the sweat dripping from his forehead, and the moistening of his palm… Jun's showing signs of obvious nervousness. The college student gulped, trying his best not to look stupid. Even if he's not looking forward to this, he still represents his family.

With a shaky hand, the teen gripped the handles of the doors; too tensed to push them open. But once he finally got a grip on himself, he managed to open them. He stepped into the room, and it was not like any room he expected it to be. He was kind of expecting a hotel room or something, a meeting room even. But instead, he's greeted by a bar. Yes, a bar. This is a hotel for God's sake… there isn't any private bars originally. So they managed to transform this room into a dimly light bar with a man standing over the counter shaking the mixer.

But aside from the overall ambience that strikes him, Jun's gaze was fixed on a slender figure sitting on one of the bar stools. The figure has a long flowing black hair that went down to her waist. The person is definite a girl, otherwise she won't have those slim hips that she's showing bare with no cover at all. In Jun's mind, the first thing that enters, was the fact that this must be his fiancée. There' no doubt. It's too obvious. Blinking, the son of the Yakuza Lord could only stand there, not knowing what to do.

Suddenly, smooth and calming music started to play; making the atmosphere and ambience lighter. At the same time, a soft female voice—no doubt belonging to the sitting female—spoke. "Come here. Sit with me." To Jun's ears, the voice was more…open than what he imagined her having. He figured that she would be putting up an act to look polite in front of him; but it looks compliments and proper ethics are not that minded here.

And just like as the woman proposed, Jun took an available and the only available stool—aside from the one the girl's sitting on—next to her. Jun rested his hands on top of the wooden bar table's furface. He couldn't bring himself to even look at the girl's face. He's sweating and it's getting worse.

"Tell me."

The boy flinched.

"Tell me… are you really looking forward on marrying me?"

…Jun wasn't expecting that kind of question from her. before he could even ask why she's asking that kind of question, she spoke again. "Don't worry. We can talk freely here." Jun looked at the bar tender; and it seemed that the working man knows what his job is. Still… that doesn't make this a lot easier than before.

"To be honest…" Jun started. "I don't." he mentally face palmed himself for the blunt reply. But there's no taking back what he had said; and he decided that he'll speak as his heart desires, he'll speak and be honest about how he's feeling. "But this was all foreseeable… I mean, I was just expecting when this will happen just a few days ago." The teen confessed uncaringly.

"Hmph." The lady beside him snorted in what seems to be amusement. With the glass of wine she's holding on one hand, she looked as if she's been drinking the alcoholic beverage ever since she got here. "What a coincidence… I thought the same too. You are right, Junichi Takahiro-kun… this is foreseeable. But tell me, what are the chances of us not getting what we do not want?"

Jun grimaced. "Nil. We always get what we want… because—"

She took the honor to finish the statement for him. "We're different from normal people." Mai finished with a final tone.

Jun couldn't have said it better… she is right. Him, her… they're not normal people. Being in a family like they're in is both a gift and a curse. At an early age, people view you as nothing more than a decoration; an accessory to be shown off in front of people. At an older age, people expect great things from you; even if they couldn't care less about your achievement. All they care about was what you could achieve.

…Some people are just like that.

"So, Junichi-kun, what do you say about all of this?" Mai asked, her attention still focused on the glass she's holding. "Will you still remain as an accessory to your father, or will you be a person of your own?"

Jun bit his lower lip. "I…" the son of the Yakuza Lord began. "I don't know. A part of me wants to stay true to myself, to be what I wanna be. But another part keeps on telling me to not betray my family." He tightened his grip his arm. "That man, no matter who he is, is still my father. I'd be a bad son if I don't meet his expectations…" A small and humorless chuckle escapes his mouth. "A friend of mine actually told me to come and meet you, and I actually considered it. It's just…weird. When dad asked me, I rejected him without even thinking. But when he said it… it actually got me thinking. Maybe… maybe that's the person who I want to be. I want to be a person who has friends like him."

"So that's all that you want? Friends?"

Jun nodded his head without hesitation. A small smile appeared on his face. "Yeah. I want a friend who'll take on crazy jobs that I offer him. I want friends who'll drag my butt while in the middle of a Yakuza gunfight." His voice gradually becomes louder and more open. "I want a friend who'll be there for me, and for my friends and my friend's friends…" then he let out a mirthless laugh. "That's a silly ambition, yeah? Friends…" he sighed the last word out with a content expression on his face.

"…"

Meanwhile…

"C'mon… just.. through… here!" upon finding an exit vent that leads through—what I assume—the backstage of the ballroom; I immediately kick the vent off from its hinges, before exiting out of that God forsaken rat grave… God… and they say alternative routes are always the best. Anyway, I need to find Jun. I'm in an empty hallway with several doors on one side of the hall. There are signs written on the room; VIP room, makeup room etc… but the problem is, I doubt that that bastard will be in the VIP room. I mean, come on, it's so obvious.

So thinking fast and simple, I pulled out my phone and I press on the dial. The sound of the phone trying to connect itself with another reached my ears, in other words, the beeping noise.

"Hello?"

"Hey! Jun! Where the fuck are you man?"

"What's wrong? I'm still in here. In fact, you're interrupting right now."

"What, really? Anyway, that's not important—"

"You little shit."

"No, hear this! I saw some of the men—your father's men—being ushered out from the party, I don't know if that's a normal or what, but they looked like they're ready to get on each other's neck."

"Really?" finally he's serious. "Wait a moment." From this point, the call is on hold. I could hear mumbling, but I can't exact hear what Jun is saying. "Okay, we can talk now—now what's this about getting on each other's neck? Where are you?"

"I'm in the backstage hallway, I think."

"You think? Man… be clearer, I can't exactly get what you're talking about if you give me that kind of answer."

This guy… I quickly make my way outside the hallway, onto an open area with a clear view of outside. The night skyscraper of Tokyo greets me. Oh look, there's Tokyo tower… man, I can't believe I get to see it this close. "Okay, I changed my location. I'm in a…some sort of open space," I look around, looking for several attractions that might give Jun a clue as to where my position is at. "there are escalators, and I got a good view outside."

"Oh, that's near where I'm at!" The guy's been to this place before, no surprises there. "Just go back to where you were before, I'm in the VIP room."

.

.

.

"YOU'RE THERE ALL ALONG?!" He'd been there all along?! I just literally went pass that room five minutes ago! "Why didn't you say that before? Dammit… fine, I'll go there, you sit tight. I don't know how things will go—OH SHIT!"

Then, explosions.

With Jun…

"OH SHIT!"

"Rei? Rei!?" Jun shouted to his phone. Then, a loud explosion rang through the hallways, shaking the building in a slight tremor. Jun pocketed his phone immediately, returning to Mai.

"What happened?!" the female asked with panic in her voice. "What is happening?"

Jun shook his head. "I-I don't know! Anyway, we have to get out from here. I eh…have a friend who noticed something weird going on and he's definitely in trouble!" Jun turned towards the door, kicking it open. "Come on! Let's find him and then going out from here!"

At the urgency of his voice and the situation, Mai could only agree. The two exited the room and made their way to the long hallway. Jun's first objective was to find his friend. He ran towards the direction where he thought Rei would be, but when he reached the place, the floor's collapsing and rubbles of pillars and walls are everywhere. They're in the top floor! And if this random explosions were to continue, the building will collapse!

"Rei! Rei! Where are you dammit!" Jun searched around the rubbles, desperately searching for his friend. He pushed some pieces of buildings away, digging and searching everywhere. But it was to no effort. Rei was nowhere to be found. "Fuck!" Jun cursed loudly and openly. "If only I hadn't let him separate…! Rei! Where the fuck are you goddamit!"

Jun tripped when another explosion occurred, Mai was trying her best to keep calm and composed. With his heart beating faster than usual, Jun decided to not do anything before finding his friend.

"Rei! Where are you!?"

"H-H-HERE!"

Jun immediately turned towards the source of voice that he heard. "REI!" He ran, ignoring the sound of gunshots coming from the ballroom. He needed to be quick, people will start to flood this place and getting out from here will be a lot harder. He saw his friend, trapped underneath a collapsed pillar, rendering his legs useless. With all his might, Jun tried to push the pillar off from Rei with the help of Mai but to no avail.

"Shit! It won't budge!" Jun cursed through clenched teeth.

"U-Urghh!" Rei gritted his teeth, trying to hold the sensation of pain that he's feeling on legs. If he's like this any longer, he'll be a cripple! "J-Jun! One more time! I-I-I'll crawl out this time! On three…! One, two, threeeee!" the two men and a woman lifted the pillar with their strength. Rei hastily crawled out from the pillar, slowly and pained.
