"Rei! You okay there man!" Jun helped his friend to his feet, slinging an arm over his shoulder.

"Urhg…my leg's…I can't feel them." He winced. "Look, we need to get out from here, Jun."

"Y-Yeah, but how…? I heard gunshots and all of that…"

Indeed. True to Jun's words, the gunshots that the mafia heir heard earlier was getting louder and more intense. It was then where the fairest of the three decided to speak. "W-What's going on?! What's happening!?"

Rei, despite his pained state, decided to speak. "Look…you're Mai, yeah? Listen. I've been seeing and hearing that your father's men gathering 'round Jun's men and tellin' them to not enter the party. It should be obvious now…." He winced, this time louder.

"Are you saying that my family's betraying the Takahiro's!?" the girl asked in pure disbelief and shock.

"I can't say 'nything! Look! Let's just get out from here and get as far as we can, yeah?"

Jun agreed. "Yeah. But how are we gonna do that? You can barely walk…"

Rei pulled out something from his coat, a certain item that he was not looking forward to use. "We'll have to fight our way out." Before Jun could object, Rei stopped him. "There's no other way. We can't trust anyone, not even your own groups. Look. You want to live, you follow me and do what I'll say without bitchin', understand?"

The two mafia heir and heiress could not do anything other than to accept the only solution to escape this disaster.

"Jun, since I can't walk properly just as you've said, you'll be helping me. I'll deal with anyone who comes near and you, missy, you stay behind us and don't get shot. Clear?" he received two silent nods. "Good, now, let's go. Through the east hallway, we'll get to the stairs from there."

Jun and Mai gave Rei a nod, before proceeding on to where Rei had told them to go all the while with Jun carrying the limping man. They reached a door with a sign that indicated that this hallway was the east hallway. Jun kicked open the door, but was surprised at the scenery that greeted him.

"Holy shit!"

The entire floor was collapsing! Rei clicked his tongue. Why must things like this happen all the time? "Jun! We can get to the other side safely if we stay in the sidelines. Mai, you go first and be careful." He looked at the girl who was surprised.

"W-What?! I'll fall!" she shouted in certainty.

"No you won't. Just be careful!"

Though hesitant, Mai still did what she was asked to. Due to her light figure, she managed to get halfway across. She made some early calls here and there, but managed to keep her footing on the edge. Flinching when she felt the floor below her crack, she picked up her pacing and jumped towards the other end of the hall.

"Made it!" she shouted towards the two men.

"Good!" now here's the real problem. He can't cross over by himself due to the state he's in, and he also won't be able to cross with Jun at the same time. Looking around, he saw a door that leads to one of the room in the hallway. "Mai! We're going to go over using the rooms so sit tight and wait for us!"

"WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME TO USE THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE?!"

"Cuz I wasn't thinking straight!"

Entering the room, Jun and Rei took an alternate route to join with Mai at the other end of the hall. The rooms are connected, which is a good thing since Rei saw a door near Mai before. Reaching their exit, Rei reached out to open the door but found that the door won't budge. "Aw fucknuts…it's locked? Seriously?" he got an idea. "Jun, close your ears."

Jun didn't need to be told twice.

Rei aimed his pistol right at where the lock was at, just above the keyhole of the door. He fired three ringing shots that made Jun flinched and himself flinch. "Jun, kick it open!" the door was opened hard and the two men were united with Mai once more. "Okay, we will continue with the same formation. Jun, let's keep the pace up from here."

"Yeah!"

Humming slowly while being out in the warm summer night, Izayoi Sakuya couldn't bring herself to sleep for some reason. Only worry and wonder was present in her heart, both of them reaching out to her partner. Sakuya's eyes were drawn upon the moon, where she was reminded of her home in Gensokyo. Her humming died when she felt the opening of the sliding glass door.

"Mistress." Straightening herself up at the presence of her mistress, Sakuya focused her utmost attention to the vampire.

Remilia Scarlet, clad in her sleepwear, simply gave the silver haired maid a raise of hand. "It's okay, there's no need to act so formal. Think of it as like being in a vacation." She said with a hint of cheek in her tone. Not long later, Remilia's scarlet eyes were drawn upon by the same moon that Sakuya was staring on before.

The maid could only keep her silence when she too stared at the moon once more. Only the soft shivering of wind was audible that night, along with the sounds and ambiance that the city made. The two were immersed in the silence of the moment, both not saying anything to the other. But just like everything that exist, the silence was ended.

"Sakuya…tell me, do you truly care for that man?"

Not expecting such words, much less question, from her mistress, Sakuya was caught off guard. She quickly regained her composure, her lips turning into that of a gentle smile; a smile that Remilia noticed while unknown to the maid. "I do. I care for him with all my heart."

"But you are mine, Sakuya."

Her lips twisted, with her teeth biting against them. "I…know."

"I don't want to let you go, Sakuya."

"…"

"…"

Only the wind was their answer that night.

"FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK! Why the hell do shit like this happens whenever I'm doing jobs for you?!"

"Shut the fuck up and run! Run!"

"Kyaaaa!"

After managing to make our way to the lobby from the long climb down the emergency stairs, we three important individuals made it without trouble. We did not encounter any Yakuzas of both parties, and even if it's a hundred and ten percent sure that the cops are involved, we haven't seen or get caught by either of them.

It was a huge relief in my part…was being the keyword here. After making our way down from the lobby to the basement, where I parked Jun's car, we were greeted by the warmest welcome from all three parties while being in the middle of a freaking gunfight altogether. Now, we were busy running—or limping in my case—towards where I parked the car.

"There! Get in the car!" I unlocked the car via the remote key in my pocket, my other hand was busy shooting off leads towards the group behind us. "Jun! You fucking drive!"

"W-Wha?! I can't man!"

"No time! I can't drive like this!"

"GAAAH! If you two boys won't get in the car and get us out of here, then I'll be the one doing it!"

Surprised by the sudden outburst from Mai, Jun and I were forced into the passenger seat while Mai take the wheels. She turned on the car, after I gave the keys to her. And she instantly hit the gas. Our car tires when screeching out from the basement parking lot, Jun was strapping on seatbelts to himself while chose to hold the handle above my head to prevent any collision.

Mai drove the car like a frenzied beast, her hand constantly switching from the gears to wheels. So this is what it felt like in that movie Need for Speed or something, because Mai got speed, a lot of them. She crashed along some people on the way out, I just saw her hit a policeman but decided not to comment anything due to it may hinder her focus on driving.

"Hold on tiiiight!" we brace ourselves at Mai's warning. She did a J-turn drift, and for us, everything slowed down at that moment. I can hear the sound of stray bullets hitting our car, the sound of screaming outside the definitely the sound of tires burning and screeching. The engine roared like a speeding jaguar unto its prey, and then we were flung up a ramp that lead outside and topside.

We drove out from the building's premises, out to the city streets of Tokyo. There are people running away, definitely due to the situation happening this very moment. Jun has strapped safety belts all over him, his paranoia showing again. While me, I'm busy thinking on how we'll make it out of here alive and not arrested. I thought that we lost them.

But it's not over yet. We got police on our tails.

"Oh shit…" I cursed under my breath. "I can't get them off from our tails like this!" if only I could grab that shotgun and machine gun from the trunk behind… but regardless, I'll have to make use with what I have. "Mai! I'm going to shoot at the cops, so step on it woman!"

"Roger that!"

I opened the window, peeking out with the firearm in both of my hands. I took aim towards the police cars, my targets being their tires. I don't see them shooting at me so I'll take this chance to fire off a bullet and see what will happen. My breathing slowed, and I could envision my bullet hitting the tire of the car. I pulled the trigger. First, you visualize.

BANG

Then, you actualize.

The first bullet was shot out of its chamber, and I was lucky. It hit one of the three cars right in the front left tire. The cop car grew unstable and it crashed along with the other two cars behind it, ending the pursuit.

"Holy shit! That was fuckin' awesome!"

"Now's not the time to cheer you retard!"

Shuddup Jun. I don't see you shooting at cop cars here.

Mai was smart enough to take us deeper into a factory district just outside of the perimeter of the city, we'll be able to lose the cops here. I returned inside the car with the firearm holstered back to its holster hidden underneath my blazer. Mai soon stopped when we reached a dead end but away from the cops.

.

.

.

"Alright! That was fucking awesome let's…never do that again."

"Nah! You see how I shot that cop car's tire? It got to be skill, definitely."

Mai, who cheered the loudest before, giggled. She looked at Jun. "So this is what you meant when you have a friend who'll drag you out from a Yakuza gunfight."

I saw Jun grinning from ear to ear. He unstrapped the seatbelts, before stretching his neck and arms. "Yeah. Pretty awesome, yeah?"

I gave him a knuckle to the shoulder for that. "It won't be fun if you're limping halfway throughout the whole ordeal." But nonetheless, I'd be lying if I'm saying that I wasn't enjoying what I did. "Anyway…we better get out from here." My tone turned serious. "We should get back to the city and return to our own places. Since my presence wasn't really…eh…noticed, the cops will have a very hard time to get to me. But you two…I can't say for sure."

"Don't worry." Mai reassured. "My family will know what to do, I know it. And also, I'll need to do a questioning amongst my family's group. If a coup did really happen, then I'm sure that my father wants to know."

Jun nodded his head in what I assume to be agreement. "Yeah. I'll need to tell my dad too. He'll know what to do."

"Good." I nodded. "Let's split up here. Jun, you take the lady home, I'll be busy preparing myself to face the certain death that will greet me when I return home…" without saying anything else, I opened the car's door, and limping out from the scene.

"Is he saying that he's…"

"Yup. The guy's got a girlfriend."

"I…see."

It was a good night tonight.

A/N: Here I am, finally coming with an update on this installment. This Mai character will play a role in future chapters, and in this chapter, our main character wasn't playing a huge part in it but the next chapters will be focusing back on our hero. I was planning on starting a new arc…but I did some more thinking so, after this chapter, it will be only fillers and then we will begin a new arc.

So…arc one, finished.

Well, that's all I've got to say and of course, I apologize for not updating for a very long time. The best reason that I could give you guys was because I had to focus on my studies all this time. Coupled with some of the raging events I had in my country, I've been too busy to write stories. But now, I shall try my best to keep on writing newer content for all of you.

That's all and hope ya'll have a good day/night!
