The walk from here to the baths is not that far, but it's not as close as the walk to the supermarket either. It'll take me about twenty or fifteen minutes if I walk, usually shorter. The empty residential street of the complex that I'm living in is dark, though there are street lamps, only a few of them remain on. From what I heard, people had been filing complains… but looks like they're not answered.

As I was walking, I noticed and hear something scary.

"Heheh… boss, should we just start here?"

"Yeah, yeah… let's just show this lady a good time shall we?"

"Come on boss!"

My body reacted on instinct. I dropped the towels, shirt and dipper that I had with me and I run straight for the voices. Three men speaking, and I hope that it's not what I imagined it to be. My feet take me as fast as they can, my heart's strangely beating fast and it's not from the running. So I reached the scene, a dark alley with little to no source of light at all. There is this feeling in my chest… I felt sick, sicker than anything. I pressed my body against the wall, listening in to their conversation before I act.

"She's one fine girl ain't she…?"

"Mhm… she's a cute one too… hehehe.."

"Fuck it, let's just do her and get it over with."

"Mhmmhppm!"

I can't quite see the victim… but all that's clear is that I might get into a fight, or a brawl, and that it will be harder than I thought. First, it's dark. Second, the alley is narrow and third, I might hit the victim. Let's just hope that this work and that things will go along smoothly.

"Hey you freaks let her go!" I brandish a retractable baton from one of my many pockets. Japan has a law of not bringing weapons outside in public, but at least it's not a sword or a gun. I had a false confident smirk on my face, if I'm gonna fail it, then at least I'm doing it with style. Now that I could see closer, one of the thug's aiming a flashlight on the victim. As I expected… it was a rape scene. From her appearance, I could say that nothing major happened yet, but that doesn't mean that she's okay. The thugs did not say anything else, they immediately run and went off to the other end of the alley, probably due to the baton I'm showing. The woman is fine… she's still shocked. Her clothes, however, I cannot say.

I approached her, a concerned look on my face. She's crying before, it's evident on her face. "Hey… you okay there?" I asked. I crouched down to her level. And I was surprised when she went and instantly lunged at me. "What, hey!"

"Uwaaaah!" shit… she's crying.

She continues to sob, making a mess of my jacket. I don't know what to do aside from staying there and not moving. The alley is filled with the sound of her crying, I'm sure that the neighbors are having a hard time sleeping. Her screams are loud… she cries harder, gripping on my shoulder. As I noticed, her clothes are ripped. It's a good thing that it's dark… or else I'll be seeing what I shouldn't see. This resumes for a while, it was then when her sobbing lessens, she continues to cough and sniffs.

"Hey… you okay there? They didn't do anything to you, did they?" I asked, finding it awkward that I'm in this kind of position. It's dark… but I can see the end of the alley from here. I hear more sniffing coming out from the woman that is hugging me, we are literally on the ground, she's quite strong. Her weight is not that heavy but she's keeping me on the ground.

"Sniff… sniff… I'm fine…" she lets go, slowly. But she is still on me, which doesn't makes me less comfortable.

I took the initiative on bringing the both of us to our feet. She's quite light, and shorter than me. "I see… can you walk?" I can feel her shaking her head in 'no'. well… so much for my trip to the baths. "Uhm, okay… what's your name?" I asked her.

"…"

…and she's not answering. Great. Now how could I help her? maybe she's still shocked after all the things that has transpired before… I'll be shock as hell too. I scratched my head, not knowing what to do. I could take her to the police, but that'll be troublesome for me too. And it's late, the closest police station is miles away. Anyway, I better get her out of the alley.

"Look, I'm taking you out of here okay? You need me to carry you to a hospital or something…? Does your body hurt?" again, I can feel her shaking her head in a no. I sighed. "See here. I can't do anything if you won't give me an answer. Then how's this, I'm going to go to the baths. You can follow me and take a bath too if you'd like."

She nods…

I can't believe it…

I asked her if she wants to go to a hospital and she rejected it. But when I asked if she wants to go and take a bath… I can't believe this.

"Ok… then let's go." I turned but was unable to walk away when I felt something grabbing on my jacket. "What is it now?"

"C-Clothes… ripped…"

…I forgot.

"Oh… sorry. Here, you can use this." I took off my jacket, and handing it to her. She grabs my jacket and took them quicker than a thief would do. She must be cold… or her clothes got ripped off so bad. "Anyway, let's just get out of this dark alley when you're done, I'm not comfortable like this."

After putting on the jacket, she eventually agrees. But she won't let go of my shirt though… we walked towards the light, where everything is brighter. I turned to look at her and needless to say, I was surprised. Big time. The woman was not a woman at all. She's a kid. A girl who appears to be in her middle school level. She's short, and is keeping her face looking down towards the ground. It's acceptable… since she's just been through one of the scariest thing that a girl could face.

"I'll ask you again, are you fine? Are you hurt anywhere?" I asked, just to make sure.

She nodded meekly and slowly. She showed me her face, where there is a bruise mark on her cheeks. My fists clenched in anger. Those bastards… who would hurt a kid like this? When I tell her parents about this, It'd be no surprise if her dad or even mom would want to show those punks what it's like to mess with their daughter.

"Shit..." I cursed silently. Kneeling to her level, I touched her chin. She responded by retracting her face from my hand. "Let me see it, so I'll know if it's bad or not." She won't do it at first, but after explaining, she eventually let me to check. The bruise is deep… definitely a punch, and a slight cut too… "A little bit of first aid treatment will be more than enough to fix this, don't worry."

The girl look up to me with big teary eyes. I can't help but feel for her that she has to through… I smiled reassuringly while placing my palm on top of her head. "It's fine now… what's your name? I could probably call your parents…"

She looked down again, but it seems that she's okay now. She fiddled with her fingers, looking shy. "F-Flan…Flandre Scarlet…"

Flandre Scarlet…? A foreigner? Well… this will be hard. "Uh… Flan-chan, do you know where your parents are? Did you get separated from them?" this is bad. Not only is she a foreigner, she is lost too. It's a good thing that she knows Japanese… I can speak English but it's not like English is my first language.

"O-Onee-sama… Onee-sama sent me here…"
