I slumped down to my chair. We are safe but only for now. I don't know when the landlord will return, and when he do, maybe I won't be as lucky as I am. My eyes travelled to the clock in the room, I shoot up straight to my feet. "Dang! I'm going to be late!" I run erratically to my dresser. I pulled out some spare clothes and my bag with me. I slip my wallet into my pockets, and finally placing the spare clothes inside my bag.

"I need to go now Sakuya-san, please, take care of Flandre." I reached for the door, opening it.

"Yes, have a good time at work." She waves at me. I closed the door, leaving for my work.

Somewhere…

"Patche, have you find their locations?"

"Hm… it's not that easy Remi. Their magic signature are very faint, this must be one of the effect of going to the outside world… I will need more time before I could find their exact position." A voice replied to the first one, both are female, but a little bit sickly.

"Then see to it." The first voice said out uncaringly.

"Remi…?" the other woman asked. "Why don't you just ask the gap Youkai for help?"

A sound of rustling could be heard, and clinking of glass is audible. Then followed by a pouring sound of water. Before, another clink. Then, for the next seven seconds comes silence, everything, except for the ambience of dread and night.

"Do please continue on doing your job Patche, I will return to my chambers."

The sound of soft footsteps rung through the echoey room, then the opening of doors could be heard, before the closing. The lone woman who is left alone in the room sighed.

"Haah… When will you grow up Remi?" sometimes, she needs to learn how to say no…

"Onii-san where are we?"

"We're at the mall Flandre. You've asked me seven times already."

Tokyo truly is a magnificent place. The place really lives up to the name 'The most technologically advanced city in the world.'. I don't know about other people, but I personally think that they should also add 'The most crowded city in the world.'. I mean, seriously, I was planning to enjoy my free time with Flandre and Sakuya-san, and the place where we are going is so darn crowded.

I can feel a presence coming close to me. I turned around, seeing Sakuya-san in a rather different attire. "How… How do I look?" she came out of the dressing room to fit on the clothes that she picked. My face heats up the moment I saw her. Before, she was dressed in a maid uniform, which gives us unnecessary attention from the passerby. Now, she is dressed more casually.

The white blouse that she wears matches the black skirt that she is wearing. She is still wearing her shoes. She now looks more like a casual teenager instead of a hardworking maid. She looks beautiful, now if only I could say that without telling her at the same time…

"Beautiful."

…Damn subconscious.

I panicked, worried that I might offend her in a way. But she giggled, something that I haven't heard from her. I could feel my face heating up even more so the more I hear her laugh. I hide my crimson face by covering them with one of my hand, since my other one is too busy carrying bags from previous shopping.

"Thank you…" I heard her say. My face heats up further. I swear if it wasn't for my tanned complexion, I would be a walking tomato right now.

Eventually, my 'moment of honesty' has subsided. I brought my hand away from my face, giving the silver haired woman a smile. "Don't mention it." I coughed, before I embarrass myself further. "Anyway, it's time for dinner. I suggest eating in a restaurant." I suggested of her.

"Hm… anywhere you want to." she shrugged, agreeing.

"Okay." I focused my attention to the chibi vampire that is accompanying us. "Flandre, we're going to eat out tonight. Say, where do you want to eat?" I asked.

I swear I saw stars in her eyes. She latched on to me, gripping my torso with her strong arms. I nearly fell at that point, but somehow managed to maintain equilibrium. "Ooh! Ooh! I saw this restaurant thingy place on the TV. It's very cool! They have chicken, they have rice, they have wine, they have steak…" she goes on and on with her list of food.

I can't help but laugh. I placed the shopping bags down in order to lift the girl up in the air. "Yeah, yeah. We'll eat there. I know the place." She's referring to a newly opened restaurant. The food's delicious and they're having discounts. So why not? The blonde haired vampire giggled happily in my arms. She then climbed on my back, sitting on my shoulders. "Whoa, not too sudden now."

Sakuya-san giggled, seeing the scene must have amuses her. She walked next to me, gripping my free hand. Of course, this sudden action shocked me. I stammered, my face red. "S-Sakuya-san!" was all that I could utter.

"It's fine. I rarely have time to spend like this, so why not right?" I can't believe that a mere smile could make my heart beat faster than a speaker in a disco.

"Yeah…" I soon began to feel the feeling of embarrassment being washed away, replaced by a feeling of content. A small, transient smile formed on my face. "Why not?"

We both laughed, accompanied by Flandre's constant questioning. The night has never been so satisfying, for me at least. It was at that moment where I felt my second form of happiness. The first is to see my sick mother at home. And now, I am happy because I get to spend my time with two, unordinary, yet kind people. I wish for this moment to never end, I just wish that we three could just walk around like this until forever…

But even I know that it's impossible.

A few days later…

"Yaawn… good morning." I greeted the silver haired maid who is already awake and cleaning. She flashed me a smile, to which I returned sleepily. I stand from my futon, carefully seeing that Flandre is still asleep before me.

Sakuya-san walked up to me, planted a good morning kiss on my cheeks. "Wash your face sleepy head, you look like pin cushion." She giggled at the sight of my hair, and I must admit, I do look silly.

My lips stretched into a small smirk. "Kyaaa!" a small shriek emanated from the usually stoic maid. I pulled her close to me, with my hands on her hips. I closed the distance between our face, our nose merely touching a few centimeters away. Due to her being at an advantage in height, I might look kind of lame like this.

"Now, now… since when did we start greeting each other with a morning kiss, hum?" I nuzzled my nose upon hers, this is what people would call an eskimo kiss. Her face flushed, something that I never see her making. It brought happiness to my heart knowing that she could blush. We look like a pathetic couple in love I bet.

Seeing her timid and shy side made me unable to restrain myself. I tip toed, planting a kiss on her forehead. I got a really, really nice reaction from her. Something that I will treasure until the day I die. "Just kidding, I was the one who caused us to end up like this didn't I?" I asked her, receiving a silent not in response. My teasing smirk shifted into a small, peculiar smile. I remembered what had happened three days ago…

Flashback

"Uwaah... I guess it's time for sleep…" after the shopping trip before, there is no way in hell that my body isn't tired. I just finished work, quite early, took a bath and what's better than to finish my day with a good night sleep. Besides, it's already ten and Flandre's asleep.

All that's left is Sakuya-san. She is still awake, currently having her time alone on the balcony. I could see her figure from here, her silver hair and tall yet lithe form. She makes a great contrast between the night sky and the moon, causing the sight to trap me in awe and beauty. My feeling for sleep is gone. Like, bam.

I had the urge to walk over to her and talk, but I don't know what to talk about. I'm sure, in all ways, that she is worried about the wellbeing of her mistress back home. Even if said mistress is the one who sent her maid and little sister, I could still tell that Sakuya-san loves her dearly.

I'm jealous. So jealous. This Remilia Scarlet, to have such a wonderful maid and little sister… my life isn't gifted with both, but I am still content with me and parents. But the feeling of jealousy is too much. I don't know if they were enchanted by my own personal feelings, or if I'm just wishing to have people like Sakuya-san in my life.

I cannot think. My body does all. I stood from my bed, walking towards the lonely maid. The sliding of door caused her to focus her attention to me. Despite that, she never did turn her head and faced me. I can feel that it's getting colder tonight, as the gentle summer breeze swept by the both of us. I see her short, precious hair billow lightly, I had the urge to tap her shoulders right here and there.

But I settled for a conversation. "Hey, you okay?" I asked, my voice questioning.

"Hm… I'm fine." She finally turns to face me. I could see the redness in her eyes, and the moist on her cheeks. She had been crying. I felt a huge pang in my heart, knowing that I never noticed her like this. "It's okay, I'll be going to sleep later."

I could just go along and went back to sleep, but my conviction of being with her remains firm. I stepped forward, stepping closer to her. "No. You're not okay." I said firmly. At my tone, she looked down, avoiding my gaze. "Tell me, did I do something to upset you or did you not enjoy the-"

Her words cut me short. "No! I would never…" she burst out, before quieting down. She stood unspeaking, for a minute while. As the gentleness of night was graced upon us, I took the opportunity to do one large step that I have ever made in my whole life.

"Sakuya-san. Please, tell me." I gripped her shoulders, my eyes forcing her to maintain eye contact with me. Though I might be forcing her, I can't help but want to. I want to help her, this fragile girl who hides her true self underneath a stoic mask.

We stood motionless. It was only the three of us. Me, Sakuya-san and the moon. And also Flandre who is sleeping if that counts. Regardless, I still want to know why she is crying. As if to prove my worry, she latched on to me, crying. I was shocked. I never really expected her to cry like this. I did what I should do, I stroke her hair gently, letting her bawl on to my shoulder. It feels… awkward, since she is technically taller than me.

"Shh… it's fine, I'll be here until you feel better." I remain true to my words. Minutes passed, and Sakuya-san has finally stopped crying. I only hear the constant sound of her sniffing. My head is running miles. What should I do next? What should I say? Yeah, I'm in trouble of not knowing what to do next. We did not speak. Our bodies touching, due to me hugging her. I have never hold a girl like this before in my life. This is my first time. Something tells me that this is Sakuya-san's first time to be held like this.

"Should we go inside… it's cold you know." I tried saying. But her hands stopped me. I was shocked. Astonished. Surprised. Think of any other synonyms out there but I will still be shocked. Sakuya-san hugged me, preventing me from moving. She's hugging me tight, she won't let go.
