"No… wait, a little longer…" I heard her murmur.

I smiled, returning her hug. I felt a sense of pride at that very moment. It feels as if I could climb Mount Everest from bottom to top with ease. I know what I had chosen. I'm not dumb enough to not know that consequences of the action that I just took. There will be a time where Sakuya-san and Flandre will depart from my life. But as long as they're here, I want to make beautiful memories with them.

"I… Thank you…" I heard her say.

"Why…?"

She looked down, a tearful smile adorning her face. "I have never met someone so nice to me before in my life, aside from Ojou-sama that is." there it is again, the comparison between her mistress. "But… with you… it's different." She suddenly said, snapping me out of my thoughts. Her smile shifted into a gentle one. "Thank you, for giving me this chance in life."

I can't… I can't… I don't even know what to say. I simply hugged her tighter, burying myself into her neck. She don't mind, and is seem to be enjoying it too. "Silly maid… you should be thanking your mistress instead…" I meant no humor. After all, it was her mistress who sent her here.

She giggled upon hearing my comment. "I guess I should…" I regret saying that. "But that doesn't matter. Ojou-sama might have done her part to let me meet a person such as you…" she pulled her face away, allowing me full view of her beautiful and breathtaking smile. "But I'm sure that you're here because you're here."

I laughed. "I'm here because I'm here?" I joked.

She giggled before pinching me on the cheeks. "Silly, don't say anything." She leaned in closer, pressing her lips against my forehead. "There, a return for what you did to me before."

I looked up to the star filled sky, letting my eyes reflecting an expression of joy. "Thank you…" I muttered. If this is God's doing, then I'm very thankful. If this is my own doing, then I'm one hell of a man.

Flashback ends

My mind slowly drifted away, before I was awaken by a slight painful sensation on my forehead. "Ow…" I frowned, feeling a stinging feeling. I looked up, seeing my girlfriend's pouting face. "What did I do?"

"You're remembering something embarrassing." She stated, poutingly. "Don't do that."

I grinned, pulling her even closer to me. "Hm, maybe… no. I like to think of embarrassing things, especially when it concerns you…" I pushed my face closer to hers, feeling her pulling back. Is this what they call being lovey dovey? If so, then I'm enjoying it. I was about to lean in for the kiss, but Sakuya-san's finger stopped me midway.

"Shh… Imouto-sama is still sleeping," she gestured to the sleeping vampire, who is still sleeping peacefully. "but… why don't we take this outside…?"

Oh how I love my life.

Later, that night…

"Thank you, please come again."

As usual, grocery shopping is relaxing. I yawned, feeling sleepy already. It's still seven, I must be getting out of shape. Hm… I need to work out more. Tokyo is crowded as usual, and there's nothing I could do to change that fact. My phone, suddenly, rings. I looked at the caller's ID, it's an unknown caller. As a person who has little to no contact at all in Tokyo, I got nervous. I swipe the phone's screen, answering.

"Hello? Who is this?"

"Ah… it's me, it's me."

"Who are you? A scammer?" I said, flatly.

"No! It's me, the guy who sent you the cab remember?"

"Oh, it's you Jun."

"Can't you be a little bit more interested when talking to me?"

"Anyway, what do you want?" I asked, while making my way through the streets.

"Well… remember that time when I said that I won't owe you any other favors?"

"Yeah?"

"…I'll need to take my words back on that."

"Explain."

"Well, you see… we are holding this huge party. Not Yakuza stuff mind you, just us adult teenagers… we're short on one person so I'm hoping that you'll join?"

"How about… no." I rejected him.

"What why?! You're straight aren't you? Think about the girls, man, the girls!"

"I have my own already, there's no need for me to come to your party." I sighed out.

"You have a girlfriend?! Wow… never knew you had it in you man…"

"Trust me, I asked myself that question all the time." Well, since yesterday actually.

"So, anyway, how about it? Still want to give it a go? Of course, you'll get paid."

I paused on my walk, taking a moment to consider Jun's words. "Hm… you sure it's not some shady Yakuza shit?"

"I'm sure it's not some shady Yakuza shit." He parroted, promising me.

"Fine, I'll come. Tell me where to go and when, I'll need to prepare myself."

"Okay, okay. It's tonight, at nine. Don't worry, a car will pick you up. Oh, and for clothes, don't worry I got you covered on that one." He said enthusiastically.

"You must be looking forward for this party of yours aren't you…?" I muttered, with a drop of sweat behind my head.

"Hahaha! I'm still young, what can I say? Anyway, see you later dude, need to prepare and all that."

"Yeah, see you too." I close my phone, putting it back inside my pocket. "Well, as long as things go along fine, I'm okay with it."

Eventually, I went home.

"I'm back." I opened the door to my apartment, placing the grocery bags on the floor. As expected, Flandre comes up to greet me. "Welcome back Onii-san!" she latched into my arms like paste, nearly throwing me off balance. "What're we having tonight, what're we having tonight?!"

Well, she's excited for dinner alright. "Calm down, calm down." I placed the girl back on the floor. "We'll be having nabe." I said.

At the mentioning of nabe, Flandre's mood dropped down instantly. "Aww… but I don't like hot food…" I ruffle her hair, causing her to look at me.

"Now, now… you can't always eat what you want to. Take it as a practice of holding yourself back, okay?" I leaned down, tapping her head affectionately.

"Muu… Okay, fine. But no tomatoes." She said while pouting.

"Hahaha yeah, no tomatoes." I laughed. Walking to the kitchen with the grocery bag in hand, I was greeted by the sight of Sakuya-san washing the dishes. It seems that she's doing this morning's dishes. She noticed my presence, but I was the one who greeted her first. "Hey, I'm home."
