"Ah, welcome home." She greeted me back. I leaned in towards her to steal a brief kiss. Our lips met and I quickly parted again. "So, what will we have for tonight…" she asked, before seeing the daikon radish sticking out from the plastic bag. "Nabe huh… okay, let me get the water ready."

"Heh. Thanks." I gave her another soft kiss, this time on her cheek. "I'll be in the living room, I need to prepare for something important tonight." I said.

"Oh, what is it?" Sakuya-san asked, curious. Well, I can't blame her. She knows my working schedule, she knows my job and it's a little bit strange that I'll be going outside late at night after all. "Is it about work?"

"Well…"my face scrunched up. I don't want to lie to her, but something tells me that I must. "Kind of… you see, a friend asked me to come with him for… a… meeting." I but my lip, knowing that I had lie to her. "He needs me to be ready at nine, so I'll be preparing a few things first."

"Okay then." She nodded in understanding. "I'll make dinner, you do what you have to do now." She shooed me away from the kitchen, playfully. I snickered while exiting the kitchen at the same time.

I sat on the chair, stretching my arms and limbs. I grabbed my bag with me, opening it to get my laptop. I turned the laptop on and immediately browse my emails. Seeing that I don't have any particular mail, aside from spams and whatnots, I closed my laptop again turning it off.

"Onii-san, can I talk to you for a moment?" I saw Flandre coming over towards me.

"Sure, what is it? Need to drink?" I joked, knowing of her condition.

She giggled at the joke, but shaking her head. "No." she then made a thinking pose. "Actually… is it just me or are you and Sakuya kind of close to each other?" she asked.

I blinked. "Come here Flandre." I pat on the empty space of the chair next to mine. The little blonde vampire sits down obediently, wanting to know more of my relationship with Sakuya-san. I breathe in. "Flandre… do you have a problem with me seeing Sakuya-san… you know, as in… like what a boy and girl would?"

Flandre began thinking. She then shook her head. "No I don't, why?"

"You see Flandre. Me and Sakuya-san we're… eh… we're dating." I said lamely.

"Dating…?" of course, this is a vampire I'm talking to.

"No, not that kind of date." I pinched my temples. "Think about it like this: I like Sakuya-san, and she likes me. We are a couple." I try to be as concise as I can, so that the girl could understand what I meant.

Hopefully.

"Oh!" a look of realization dawned upon the vampire's face. "I get it, I get it!" well, I'm glad you do. "You guys are getting married, right?"

…

"Eh?"

…

Then, I found myself lost at words. What… could I get married? Do I deserve something as great as marriage? I try to speak and respond to Flandre's question, but my mouth can't let out a single sound. I suddenly feel very depressed, my heart is sinking lower and lower.

"Onii-san… are you okay?" Flandre caused me to focus my attention back at her. "You're crying…" she pointed towards my face, her face concerned.

I'm crying…? I wiped my eyes, indeed there is wetness on them. I then then wipe my eyes clear from tears, bringing up a smile on my face. "No, I'm fine. I'm fine as ever!" I tried saying that without a feeling of emptiness. But why… why do feel so sad? Is it because knowing that Sakuya-san and Flandre will eventually leave? Is that it?

It is…

Before I knew it, my eyes began letting out tears much to my annoyance. "No, I'm fine. I'm perfectly fine, Flandre…" I say that, but my voice is breaking. "It's okay, I'm fine…" I began to sound like a mad man, reassuring himself that something will be fine when it won't.

"Onii-san…" I stopped. I felt a cold body pressed to me. Flandre hugged me. I stood motionless, I cannot comprehend what is happening. "I'm… I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked something like that." She apologized.

"No… it's fine. It's my own fault for bringing this upon myself." My voice came out pathetic. I began to unconsciously speak. "It's still fine though… as long as you two are here… I'm still fine."

"Onii-san…" I can feel her holding me tighter.

I smiled. "Thanks Flandre…"

Dinner was… quiet to say the least.

It's eight thirty. My so called ride will be here in another thirty minute. I checked myself on the mirror, trying to see if the clothes that were sent for me fit or not. Jun… that scary little asshole… how the hell does he know my measurements? And how the hell did he managed to send me a tuxedo in just about an hour? The Yakuza in Japan is really influential… I'm dressed in a full suit tuxedo. White and black, like a zebra. It's a tight fit, so it's a little bit hard to move.

"How do I look?" I turned around, asking the two females for comments.

"You look good Onii-san!" Flandre gave me two thumbs up. I returned her gesture with my own.

Sakuya-san steps forward, her face close to mine. A smirk donning her face, she is quite the mischievous character tonight… "Hm… handsome." She steps closer, her lips touching my ears. "But I like to see you… more exposed if I could."

"Heh, I'll show you how exposed I could get alright…" to my annoyance, a loud horn stopped my heated session with Sakuya-san. I should be thanking the horn, knowing that Flandre is watching us. I coughed, before excusing myself. "Well, have to go now. Remember to go to be Flandre," I peck the vampire on the cheeks, to which she giggled. "and as for you…" my fingers traced on the soft, smooth surface of Sakuya-san's chin. "Would you like to have a late night dinner with me tonight?"

"I would love to." she leaned in for the kiss, to which I lovely return. I turn to the door, saying my final goodbye.

"Bye, see you later."

"Bye Onii-san!"

"Bye."

They waved at me. I closed the door, leaving my apartment. I walked down the stairs, reaching the car. The dark window of the black sedan is conspicuous enough if someone were to ask me. As expected of the son of a Yakuza Lord. The dark window of the sedan descended, showing a face that I could barely recognize.

"Heyo! Wow, they suite you more than I think they will." This is Jun. The ever so lazy, ever so rich and ever so funny fellow. He's just like any other people inside. Wanting to be normal and all that stuffs. His status as the son of a Yakuza Lord is only known to some trusted individuals at school. So, some might be wondering, how did I get to know this vital and dangerous piece of information?

Well, let's just call it destiny.

That's a story for another time, right now, I'm eager on getting this party over with. Not to mention, I'll get paid. I waved aside Jun's comment about my looks. He got girls inside, definitely trying to impress them. "Yeah, yeah… now move over, I'm getting in." but Jun stopped me.

"Whoa buddy, you." He pointed his finger on me. "Are driving."

"I'm what?" I asked, just to make sure.

"You are driving. You can't expect to get paid while not doing anything can you?" he asked, causing the girls with him to laugh. "Just be my driver for tonight, and relax. The pay will be worth your while."

I grumbled. "Fine. But I swear to God Jun, if this is turning into some crazy drive by shit, I'm bailing." I reluctantly enters the driver's seat, taking my role as a driver.

"Hahaha! He's funny right?"

More laughter from the girls.

This is why rich people are so… different. I sighed, stepping on the gas. Little did I know... I'm beginning to feel like I'm going to regret making this decision.

A/N: Wasn't expecting that kind of development weren't you? Well, let's just say that we all know that it'll come in the end. I'm kind of giddy to end the chapter here, but I decided that I'll write more on the next one. I try to keep it to 6K words or more. Excluding A/Ns. So, that is it for this chapter.

Next chapter will solely be OC centric, you have been warned. It will really, really change the attitude of the OC later on. I plan to end this story in a rather… unique way. But one thing that I could guarantee from you guys is that you'll see the way how I end this story coming. I'll shut up now, I don't want to reveal more. But still, this will only be a short story. So don't expect fifty or sixty chapters plus minus, mmkay? Good.
