

Morning.

The first word that comes to my mind as soon as I opened my eyes from a slumber. It's… somewhat different today, not after last night's event with Remilia. There's no denying the joy that I have in my heart here, I really am happy. We got home a little late last night, I remembered getting slightly drunk; enough to make me drive home slowly. Clutching my head, I can still feel the little bit of aftermath of last night's wine.

Standing up, I am greeted by a sight that is uncommon to me until today. My apartment is not that big, yet it's not too small either. It's enough to fit a kitchen, a living room and a bedroom in one setting. I can see Remilia on the corner, sleeping next to Flandre with her belly button exposed. She's a lady and all but I've never heard of a lady that sleeps like that. As for the little blonde devil herself, she's sleeping next to her sister peacefully, lightly snoring. I find it adorable.

My silver haired partner is asleep next to me, her face showing the most vulnerable expression that she could ever make. Still, I'm surprised to find out that Sakuya-san sleeps while dressing lightly. On her stay here, I managed to buy her some sleepwear, but she prefers to sleep with my clothes on. I find that hot. Really, hot.

The purple haired magician, still out cold even after a few days of sleeping, is taking her—what I'd like to call it—hibernation on the other corner of the room, all sprawled up with the futon messy. I haven't aired that futon for about a few days now, maybe I should replace a fresh one later… but for now, I have my own self to worry about. Without even feeling, much less touching, I know that my hair is a complete mess. It's been a few months ever since I've cut my hair; I probably need to go and visit the barber later.

I made my way quietly to the veranda, seeing that it is the most suitable place for me to take my morning smoke. Sliding open the glass door as slowly as I can, I am careful on not to wake my... eh… guests… up. I closed it back in place, slowly. The morning sun is rising, just like an everyday thing in Japan. Japan is a nice place… but my mother's hometown is even sunnier, and hotter.

Pulling out a stick of cigar from a box which I keep inside my pants' pocket, I am ready to get myself a smoke. But unfortunately, disturbance comes when you least expected it.

VRR VRR

The vibration in my pants is irritating. A phone call, this early in the morning. In a summer holiday and a phone call this early? Who in Japan would do something like that? Delaying the cigar, I pick up my phone whilst it's still vibrating. I slide open the screen, before looking at the caller's ID.

"Who…?" an unknown number. Man, I've been getting a lot of these recently. A yakuza gang leader called me before, what next, a police officer? Shaking my head at the ridiculous thought, I did so while bringing the phone close to my ear. "Hello, who is this?"

"Good morning, is this Rei-san?" a man's voice; he sounds as if he's in his thirties.

"Yes, it is me. May I know who's calling?"

"We are from the police department and we would like to have a few words with you, if you have the time."

.

.

.

Me and my smartass brain…

"Hello, hello? Rei-san, are you still there?"

"Ah, hello? Yes, I'm still here. I apologize. Sure, I will visit the police station later." Like hell I would… "But if I may ask, why is it am I needed there?"

"About that, we would like to have a talk regarding the topic at place, if you don't mind." That means I'll have to go there either way…

"Of course, I don't mind."

"If you're okay with it. Then, I apologize for calling you this early Rei-san."

"Un."

I closed the line immediately. My eyes are darting side to sides, upwards and downwards… no… I shouldn't be nervous. I don't have anything I should be worrying about in the first place… right? Think, think… what made the police suddenly call me… was it because of that alleyoop incident with Remilia? Or was it—

"F…M…L…" I can feel my knees giving off, I slumped backwards unto the glass door behind me. "No… it can't possibly be because of that, right? I mean, I knew I did something wrong but…" my mind just can't keep on processing thoughts. It's almost as if I'm making up scenes in my mind.

The so called 'party' that that yakuza prince Jun invited me to… what other scenario fits this situation other than that one?

Have they found out that I was one of the people involved in that incident? The thought isn't impossible but from the number of people who attended… it should have been almost impossible to distinguish me. I wasn't even one of the important people out there! My only connection there was Jun, and there's no way in hell would that guy rat me out to the police… wait… if it isn't Jun, then who? I didn't stood out much, did I? And if I were to remember correctly, I wasn't even there for long.

But anyway, there's no use thinking too much about the event. I need to think about later; I need a plan. It is a hundred percent sure that I'll be interrogated as soon as I reached the police station. High probabilities are that they'll start directing me into the story, which means that they'll make me spill everything that I know without even having to ask direct and obvious questions.

How can I counter an interrogation done by professionals? And even if I can, it's still the police station I'll be at; there's no way getting out of there without suffering serious aftermaths. Getting inside, I know for sure that they would want me to start talking about the event. That, I know. Second, I need to be smart. I need to smart and careful at the same time. I'll answer them; but only what they don't want me to say. Third, I'll finally tell them the summary of my lie; perfecting it into a level so high that it actually fits their supposed description of the matter.

That is the only plan I can think of right now… I'd still got a few hours to prepare, I'd probably need to practice my speech and expression in front of the mirror. Yeah, like that will change the fact of how nervous I am right now.

Taking a short and quick breath, I pushed myself to my feet. I can't afford to be weak minded here; because I know as hell that something serious is going to come out of this if I'm not focused enough. The slightest mistake could really finish me off way faster than that last boss at that bullet hell game that I used to play.

So with a hard head and expression, I went inside to wake up the rest of myhousemates and prepare breakfast.

"Um? What do you mean you might not be coming home tonight?"

"Uh… well you know what they say: you don't choose the thug life, the thug life chooses you."

"Please don't joke on the table while we are eating."

"…Yes ma'am."

"Hehehe… Onii-san got scolded~"

"…" dammit kid. Not being able to say anything, I slumped back to my chair. Sakuya cooked us eggs and bacons for breakfast; not that I mind because after hearing what I just heard at the phone, I don't feel so hungry anymore. Using my fork, I poked the yolk of my egg letting it spill. "I don't feel like eating… I want coffee…" I groaned out tiredly.

"Haah…" I heard Sakuya-san sigh. "Wait a minute, I'll prepare one for you." She placed her eating utensils on the table, pausing her eating to make my coffee. She then walks to the kitchen, where she is going to make my cup of joe'.

"Thankies…"

"It's really impressive that you've managed to get along so well with my maid…" Remilia took a moment to pause eating, commenting while looking at me dryly. "Sakuya is not the type of person to be persuaded easily for an outsider like you…"

Without looking at Remi, I raised my fork and points it at her with bacon stuck at the end of it. "That's just the thing, Remilia… I'm not an outsider. I'm an insider get it?—GAAH!"…Even while she is not in scene, Sakuya-san still managed to find a way on preventing me from saying unnecessary things. That ladle sure is strong…

While I am wallowing in pain and having to deal with the impact of laughter coming from Flandre, I felt my phone buzzing from inside my pocket. Dryly, I reached for my phone and stares at the screen. It's a message. I'm surprised… it's been a long time ever since I've gotten a message from someone. My eyes perk up at seeing the contact's ID.

"What do that idiot wants…" I slide open the message, a hint of irritation dripping from my voice. The message screen pops up, and I waste no time on reading what's written on the screen. "Oh no… no no no no no!" standing up, I rushed towards the door, grabbing my jacket while doing so.

"Hey, where are you going!" I heard Sakuya-san's voice calling out.

"Meeting a friend! Or an asshole, whatever." I closed the door shut, before walking down the stairs of my apartment to meet said 'friend/asshole'. I walked outside my apartment compound, glancing left to right, I'm looking for something… or someone in this case. Then, from the corner of my eyes, I saw a figure dressed in black peeking out of the corner of the street I'm at. Sighing while face palming inwardly, I could only wish I could commend him for his sneaking.

I walk towards the seeming suspicious figure, careful on not making too much sound. I got within two feet from him, and I'm even more disappointed when he hasn't felt my presence even at this range. Without the slightest hint of care, I tapped on him on the shoulder, getting a rather amusing reaction.

"WAAAH! I SWEAR I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING SUSPICIOUS! I'm not a Yakuza or anyth—it's you! You jerk! I nearly died from a heart attack there!"

I was quick to retort. "You're the jerk here! What's with this message, huh!?" I shove my phone's screen up his face. "This message says 'HELP' in bold letters! I thought you're halfway to Kyoto in a car while being chased by cops for God's sake! Or worse, I thought that you're buried alive six feet underground in a coffin and no way out! And don't be creeping up around my place, it's damn creepy, freak."

"Wha—anyway, shh!" he grabbed me at the collar. "You need to hide me man! I'm being chased right now!" he hissed stressfully at me.

.

.

.

"Wait! Don't leave me alone dammit, Rei! This is your bro Jun here, oi!"

About five feet away from him, I slapped myself on the face for not being able to stop myself from hearing his excuse. "Urgh…" I turned around. "Dammit Jun!" I walked briskly to him, grabbing his collar in return. "I got call this morning not too long ago, by who? By the police. The motherfucking police. I don't know why they called me, but I think you get the idea."

"What, they called you because you went streakin' or someth—GAH MY NOSE, MY NOSE!"

"No you ninny! What else would they wanna talk about aside from that incident a few weeks back, huh?! That 'Yakuza gathering bullshit that's all over the news'!" I nearly shouted.

"Shit! That's fucked up!"

"Of course it is!" I can't hold back anymore.

"No, no, but listen! This is serious, way more serious… anyway, if they did call you for that reason, you should be okay. They'll probably question you about what happened there. Just tell them that you're at the wrong place and at the wrong time, you'll be fine like that." This guy… I can't believe he's calm. "Anyway, you gotta hide me man! I'm not being chased by the cops!"

"Then who?!"

"My fiancée's bodyguards!"

…And I hit him right on the kisser.

"Okay… Okay… just… explain it to me slowly, this time." I cannot resist the urge to pinch my forehead. Seated on a bench in a nearby park, I have my so called 'friend' Jun, sitting beside me. I have a can of cold coffee in my hand, while he has his milk tea. We decided to talk it out, instead of shouting in the middle of the complex like it's the apocalypse.

"Haah…" that sigh that Jun let out, I know that it's heavy. "It's… fucked up beyond all repair, I tell you man. Okay, it went like this: After you dropped me off at Shibuya weeks ago, things were fine. Fine until the next week which was yesterday. I got a call from one of my dad's men, Tohyama-san, or whoever he is, he called me telling that I need to meet up with my fiancée today, later evening at a restaurant."

I gripped on my drink hard, bending the canned container. "Then why the hell did you have to ask my help for this? In fact, shouldn't you be glad that you finally got a girl of your own, huh?" I asked.

To my surprise, Jun shook his head. "No, no. You don't get it do you man… when us, people who's parents are either a crime lord or politician, got an arranged marriage, it's always with people of the same industry! Which means that I'm getting married to a possibly ugly ass chick from another group!"

"Then what's wrong with that? Won't that bring, you know, unity between both groups?"

"No you dummy." I twitched right there. "Think about it like this: if this bitch is smarter than me—

"Which is obviously a yes."

"Shuddup. Anyway, if this bitch is sneaky, she'll aim for the money instead. She'll slowly overturn my group when it's my time leading and slowly bring her family's name on top! I can't let that happen!"

"You mean overthrowing your family like that? Like in those sucky and cliché nineties mafia films?"

"Yup. And screw you, those movies are good."

I don't even know what to say. This guy interrupted my morning due to his huge ass paranoia? I don't know if I should laugh or be pissed right now. "You know Jun, they say opportunities come at the least expected moments. Why not meet this girl, I'm sure she's a sweetheart, no?"

Looking dejected, Jun sighs. "Okay… I'll meet her, but you must be one of my bodyguards!"

"THE FUCK?! Hell no you fucker! I need to go to the police station, remember? Duh."

He gave me his easy going grin. "Relax, I can just send a guy who looks like you later. Just get this guy filled with what to say and boom, you'll be there and not there at the same time."

"Sometimes, I don't know whether you're stupid or dumber." I muttered dryly. "Anyway, no way. I can't just leave home and go with you to your marriage interview and shit."

"Why not? It's not like you're living with someone in your place, right?"

I looked away, actually. "Yeah, about that…"

"No… don't tell me…" I found myself being gripped right at the collar by Jun. "You have a girl in there with you?!"

"Yeah I do! She's my girlfriend, you got a problem with that?!" I shouted in retort. Well… my girlfriend and her family actually, but I wasn't planning on telling him that. I pushed him off from my face, giving him a glare. "It's impossible! It's final, I just… can't. okay?"

"Please man, just do this one last favor, please please!" he started to prostate himself in front of me while begging. Now I know that this is a custom in Japanese tradition but no matter how many times people have done it, it still feels wrong for me. Grimacing, I know that I must not let myself deeper into deep waters. Besides, what good would I be if I were to come there with him as a body guard? It just didn't make sense.

"Okay… okay." Wrong choice of words, actually. I got him gripping my shoulders instantly.

"You will?! Thank you so much man!"

I quickly shove his face away from mine, mumbling curses for my own weakness of not being able to reject Jun's request. God, I need to learn how to say no… Sighing, I speak, "I will help you but, you must answer my question."

"Um!" well aren't you enthusiastic…

"First." I raised a finger. "Are you sure that you are not in trouble with the government, police, secret service etc?"

"Yes!"

"Second." Another finger. "What good would it be for me to be there? Don't you have… you know… more capable people of accompanying you?"

"Well…" I saw him rubbing the back of his head; he's nervous… Jun's never nervous in things like these… "Being there with a person who knows how to deal with the situation is better… you know what I'm saying dammit!"