
I did not even try to hide the grin I'm sporting. "Oh~ I don't know, tell me what it means, exactly."

Suck it up, bastard. "Damn you Rei… fine, since you're so dependable, smart, awesome and downright trustworthy—shit man do you know how embarrassing this is?!"

It's fun seeing him snap like that. "No, I don't know. Tell me?"

"Damn you. Anyway, you know what I mean, could we please get on with this? My legs are dying for having to sit like this…" he's still in seiza, no wonder.

"Okay, I got it. But third…" I raised the third finger—the middle finger—slowly. "Are you absolutely, a hundred and ten percent, exactly and positively sure that no 'shady Yakuza shit' will happen?"

He crossed his heart, looking up at me as innocently as he can. "I swear to God. No, I swear to God's second coming!"

Never knew that he's religious… anyway, well, he sounds convincing enough. "Fine. I'll be your bodyguard or whatever. Just call me when I'm needed, you handle the trouble with the police. I need to go back now, I missed breakfast for hell's sake…" my coffee is probably cold already.

"Thank you thank you thank you! You won't regret this!" then, he ran away just like that. Huh, weird… I expect him to be more… how should I say this without making things sound wrong… thankful? Well, that's that and this is this. I better head home.

"I'm back." Coming inside my apartment room has never been so tiring. Though I'm not tired physically, dealing with Jun requires me put a lot of mental effort. The guy can be a real bother sometimes… and for all that is worth it, he's going to be the death of me sometime in the near future…

"Ah, you're back." Remilia came approaching me. I looked around, then it came to my senses that Sakuya-san and Flandre are nowhere to be found. Luckily, Remilia was there to give me a heads up. "Sakuya and Flandre went out earlier. They said that they are going to buy groceries. I wonder why though…" she then raised an eyebrow. "Say… where were you before?"

"Meeting a friend. He suddenly texted me saying that he wanted to meet." It's more like he wanted my help… but I'm not sure if I'm going to say that to Remilia.

"Hum… is that so? Meh, whatever. Anyways, let's talk. About that."

Now, this, is something that got my attention.

I find myself swallowing the lump of air that hadn't noticed having. From where I'm standing, I could only focus on the two ruby orbs that are Remilia's eyes. I nodded without saying anything. Remilia smiled in reply, but that's not a usual smile that she would sport. I can't say a single thing about that smile of hers… but if there's one word that comes up to mind when I see it, the only thought that comes to my mind is:

Shit.

We went outside, to the park where Jun and I converse. As we reached the small park's entrance, Remilia walks ahead of me, towards a particular playground equipment. The swing. She sat on one of the swings, swaying her back on a light swing. She sways as I walk to approach her. Knowing her intentions, I took a seat on the unoccupied seat beside her. I'm too tall for this children sized swing; and I did not mean anything when I thought about that.

"You know…" suddenly, she started speaking. "From where I came from, when a man and a maiden sits together like this, they could be considered as husband and wife."

I blinked. Well… that's… weird. "From where you came from? Gensokyo?"

She shook her head, chuckling lightly. "Romania. Not Gensokyo. Not the entirety of Romania per say, but only my household. This is why guests tend to be placed in the left of the living room while we are speaking through them on the other side of said room." She swings further. "But I was never one who find that rule necessary, in fact, when it was my time to rule over the house, I banish that rule right and foremost."

"Heh… how… considerate of you to your guests."

"Is it? I think I'm just breaking the wall in between the host and the guests." She answered while humming. "Speaking of which… how far have you gotten with Sakuya?"

…well the previous twenty second of my life had been good. Scratching the back of my head, I'm not sure on how to answer Remilia's question. If someone were to hear about us talking, it'll be so weird. A little girl asking me how far have I gotten with her maid… that's something that people don't normally hear every day.

"How should I say this…" I guess it's better for me to be direct and straight to the point. "We're there. But not there at the same time. I respect her more than I love her, actually."

"Oho? What an interesting answer, please do elaborate…"

Ugh… so this is what Jun felt like when I teased him… what goes around, comes around I guess. "I… can't really say how or even why. But the first time I met her, Sakuya-san did not strike me as a person who's loveable and alluring. She is beautiful, don't get me wrong, but I did not see her as someone who 'captured my heart'." I paused. "When I saw her for the very first time, when she collapsed to my doorsteps, I think of a hardworking girl, who is doing her job as best as she can even if she couldn't handle it. After all, I was told that she was sent here to retrieve Flandre and someone who is only supplied with little knowledge for a world outside of her own to be able to survive for days is… amazing."

"Then I realized. She must've not slept properly throughout those days… she must've been asking people for directions… she must have to endure with the way people treated her. And to be able to act so perfect, indifferent yet straightforward at the same time, I fell in love with her even more now that I know that."

Silence.

"Is that your answer? Is that the size of your love for Sakuya?"

I shook my head. "No. That is not my answer. Because that is an answer entirely different to the one that you asked me." I said. "You asked how far I've gotten with her, I gave you my answer. Now, if you were to ask me how much my love is for Sakuya-san… I'd have to say… I don't know." It came out like a straight sword; cutting through air, going inside Remilia's ears.

"You don't know? How so?"

"I don't really know. Because, after all, love is something that you do not measure by words. It's by action, and words." I grinned while looking at the vampire next to me. "I don't care whether she's indifferent or what, but I'll respect her for her strong nature. And love her for being one person named Izayoi Sakuya."

The wind blows from the west, coming to pass before us to greet the sun in the east. Remilia stepped on the ground, stopping her swing suddenly. I am absolutely not sure on how she would find my answer. Because for me, I thought that I'm being honest to both myself and her. Everything that I've just said was true, it's what I really feel about Sakuya-san. I respect her for being strong and reliable, but most importantly, I love her for being herself. It's hard to express, love that is.

"Ufu…" Remilia chuckled. "In life, I've never met someone like you. The humans that I have met are all immature and delusional, yes even her." I realized that 'her' translates to Sakuya-san. Remilia made a hard expression, one that I can't make out. But if I were to picture it, she looks like a woman who'd took on the world itself and survived. But not as a victor. "You should've seen her the first time she worked in my family… it was long time ago, yet not very long. Perhaps it's before you were even a baby."

…I'm sorry?

Remilia turned to look at me. She then made a confused expression upon seeing me. "What's wrong with you?"

I raised my hand slowly. I slowly made an effort to let my voice out, even if it did come out small. Smaller, than I expected. "I'm sorry? So you are saying that Sakuya-san is old…er than I am. Like, way older?"

The expression did not disappear from her face. "Well of course. You don't think that she'd be anywhere near your age when she's been working for me for all this time, right?" my silence answered her question. She laughed. "Hahaha! So you thought that Sakuya is a year or two older than you? Hahaha!"

"Don't… laugh…" I face palmed, for both my stupidity and Remilia's inconsistent antics. "I'm seriously confused right now…" unfortunately, she did not even make an effort to stop laughing.

"Hahahaha! Oh Sakuya should hear about this! Hahaha!"

"Ahem… can we please move on." For both the sake of time and my being.

"Yes, ahaha, yes. Ahem." She regains her composure. Giggling, she said, "Though I thought that you've figured it out already. I mean, it should be obvious, no?"

I sighed. "Well when you put it that, it makes me an idiot. A huge one. Yes, I probably should've realized it but the thought never did hit me." In fact, it was never even there in the first place.

She giggled some more. "I see, I see. Now then… what do you think about Flandre?"

.

.

.

"Before you ask me anything else, let me ask you a question myself."

"Oh?"

"How did we go from your maid to your little sister?"

"Just answer me human."

Meh. "She's… cute. Like a child, cute. Yeah."

Remilia hummed. "Oh really? Just like that? Nothing else?"

God… I swear this woman is… "Well, if I were to say something, it's that she's… a little bundle of joy." I can sense the look that Remilia is giving me. "I know about her condition… Flan told me that herself." Remilia's surprised. But she hides it before I could even confirm it. "Despite that, she wants to change. She wants to be recognized by people. I know that I'm in no position to say this but, if I were to have a little sister who is locked up in a cold and empty basement, I'd hate myself for eternity for not being able to do anything."

.

.

.

There was this thick, tense and silent atmosphere. Perhaps I've overstepped my boundaries—

"If only I was like you."

"…Eh?"

Remilia stood from her swing, she walked forward three steps, before turning back to look at me. The one piece sundress she's wearing is something that I bought for Flan. It suits her. However, the smile in her face does not. "Like every other creatures of the night, there are times where we are blinded by our own ideals. I'm sure that you humans experienced it too. I thought locking up Flandre down there was the best option of keeping her safe." She let out a bitter chuckle. "How foolish I was."

She stepped forward, towards me. "I never thought I was so blind. But… I guess it happens to every one of us." She smiled, this time it definitely suits her. "What do you think… should I hate myself for my failure, hm?" she tilted her head.

Standing, took one large step. I'm within Remilia's reach—she's within mine, to be exact. I spread my arms, before grabbing hold of the shorter girl before me. I envelope he r in a hug. I do not know why I hugged her at this very moment. I don't even know why I'm doing this. "No. You shouldn't. In fact, I should thank you."

"…"

"Because without you, I wouldn't have met Sakuya-san, Flandre. Meeting them is the best moment I have ever had in my life. I don't know, it's as if fate is working whenever you want it to." I said jokingly. "You shouldn't hate yourself. I'm sure that Flan understands, and I'm even sure that she forgives you. My mother told me that family is family. They will always worry about each other's safety. What you were doing was to keep your sister safe. It might've not been the best choice, but you at least put a lot of effort in it. I can respect that."

"Can you truly? Remember boy, we can't be here forever. Will you still say the same when I separate you from them?"

I hugged her tighter to compensate for the clenching of my heart. "I will. Because this is this, and that is that. The future is unpredictable, I can't say anything for sure… but the least I could do now is enjoy this time I have with Flan and Sakuya-san. And even you and Patche."

"Heh. You're one unique human… truly different than the rest, yet so similar." I can feel a pair of arms wrapped around my midsection, and the feeling of Remilia's face pressed to my abdomen. "I don't know why… but I suppose I should be thanking you too. So… thank you."

"Yeah… you're welcome."

.

.

.

"So… going after the maid and her master eh? Ufufu… you truly are different."

Goddammit Remilia.

I have to say… wearing formal clothes is nice and all but it doesn't mean that it's comfortable. I'm dressed in my suit, the one that Jun gave me when we went to that fucked up Yakuza gathering. The difference is, I'm actually grooming myself properly. He texted me earlier saying to get proper for the occasion, but instead of texting him back, I just do whatever it is he told me to. I'm tired of talking with a person who's got the same mentality as Jun; I won't get anywhere trying to talk to him.

Not only that, he told me that I should pick him up at a place somewhere in downtown. I don't know why, but I'm bringing my nightstick with me. Now, here I am in my apartment looking over at my own reflection at the mirror.

"Why are you dressed up?" I turned around, noticing Sakuya-san talking to me. "Does this has something to do with your statement about not being able to return home again?"

Well… "…Maybe, as in maybe I'll be home really late because something came up."

She seemed to buy that answer. "Heh? Really? Though it feels like you're not telling me something."

She's sharp. That's why I love her. "I can't say for sure, but it has something to do with work." I said.

"In the café?"

"Eh… no. A friend offered me a work, and I'm taking it." It's not entirely a lie, because ever favor that Jun wants me to do always turned out to be a job.

"I see…" when she said that, I'm done fixing my tie. I turned back, only to find a pair of familiar lips pressed onto mine. Her grey exotic eyes stared into mine. "Don't be home too late now, okay?"

I smiled wryly at her. "You know I can't promise that. I can promise you this though, I'll be home by tonight." I leaned in again, stealing back her kiss. I turned and grab my case, turning towards the door. Patche is still asleep, Flandre and Remilia are watching their show on TV. Everyone's happy. And so am I. "Then, I'll be going now."

"Yeah. Take care."

I opened the door, exiting the house, before closing it back.

BZZ BZZ

I picked up the source of buzzing form my pockets. "Ah, about time you called. I'm ready. I'll be picking you up. Send me your location on my phone, I'll transfer it to my GPS while I'm driving."

I can feel something brewing this evening… whether it's bad beer or old wine, I don't know.

A/N: I've got nothing to say about this chapter, maybe it's because I'm so immersed in writing this piece. Well, a heads up for you readers, the next chapter and the following will be action packed, maybe even some few crime/mystery depending on my mood. That's all I guess…

Oh, don't forget to review and favorite because I'm getting the Touhou vibes running down veins once again! Expect more updates for this, and my Kancolle crossover~!

That's all for now, have a good day/night!
