

Thursdays are plain nice. The reason? I can actually stay at home for the whole day and not come to campus. My campus, unlike any other one out there, makes Thursdays as the day when we have our extra classes, meaning that for those who don't have them, they won't have to come. That alone is enough to relieve some of my pent up stress away, in more than one ways. What's more, now that I have Flandre living with me, it will help me even more than usual.

Usually, at days like these I would be walking around town doing whatever there is to do. Walking at the park, eating lunch outside, hit the bookstore, or just stay at my small roomed apartment reviewing my works and trust me, I prefer the first one out of all that is mentioned. The reason? Walking helps me relax, it really does. Especially when I haven't been exactly walking around the past few days, due to obvious reasons. It is now the fourth day ever since Flandre has ever set foot in this house. Yesterday was just like the other day, a busy yet simple day.

I go to campus, I return back at lunch to make food for a sleeping Flandre, and I go back to campus. But now that this is Thursday, I can stay at home or go outside. This can also be a good chance for me to find any clues about Flandre's parents, family or something. She doesn't talk much about it. When asked, she simply stood quiet and looked down. It is no doubt that the mentioning of her family is indeed a touchy subject for her. But I can't help her unless she cooperates with me.

But even I can't do anything if she made that face every time I ask her…

I guess there's no helping it, I better talk to her soon.

I closed my journal, seeing that I have written my daily thoughts. I've been low on paper ever since Flandre came into my life, because I can't help but have a lot going on at my mind. This notebook was actually a gift from my father… that man that decided to support our family by working nonstop every day and night. I remember getting this book when I was still in my first year of high school, I was till aspiring to be an author back then, and I remember being extremely happy about it.

Our family isn't exactly rich… we are slightly below average. My father was nothing more than a parcel deliverer, while my mother owned a small shop in our neighborhood. Life was tough back then… all the insults, all the comments they made about me and my family… it was all painful. But my father, before he started to work overseas, told me this, 'Son, don't let their words get to you. You are not like them, be whatever you want to be but you mustn't forget about all the things that you've been through.'

I never really understood what he meant back then… because I was but a boy with dreams as high as the clouds above. But I understood him, I understood what my father meant. He wants me to have a life of my own, to move on from the old me that I was back then, the me that I had closed deep inside my consciousness. Yet, he also wants me to get to know that old me again… as if to let that old me be who I am. It might sounds confusing, but my father got his way with words. I started thinking why he didn't become an author and make money by writing stories… but hey, whatever it is that he is doing, it works.

I glanced at the watch that I have placed firmly around my wrist, noticing that it is in fact still quite early. Going outside might be a good idea, but I'm not sure if Flandre wants to or not. I can't really force her, I mean, she is shy… well, guess there's no mistake in asking. Speaking of the girl, she is in a rather comfortable position right now. She is sleeping on the futon that I spread out last night, and I think that it's going to be hers starting from now on. Looking at her, I can say that she is asleep.

It amazes me on how long can a girl as small as this sleeps. Aren't people supposed to sleep about six to eight hours long? Flandre… she's been sleeping ever since last night. Since we slept at the same time, we slept at about eight last night, and I am surprised to see her still asleep even though it is ten in the morning. That's like what… fourteen hours of sleep? Isn't that weird…? I thought a lot on that matter, but it all comes down to the thought that Flandre has a sleeping habit. Well, as long as it's not a bad one.

I begin to approach the sleeping girl. When I reached an appropriate distance, I kneel down while bending slightly. I got a good look on her sleeping face and I have to admit… she's cute, especially when she's using my jacket as clothing… again. Speaking of which, I really can't have Flandre wearing only my jacket for the entire time. I have other clothes but not FEMALE clothes, that'll be too freaky if I have them in the first place. And since Flandre's shirt's got damaged due to the… incident, I guess she'll need new clothes.

Look, I'm a man with needs. And one of them is money. I need money so that I could survive this foreign land that is Japan, I do have some of my old currencies but the conversion rate isn't helping my case. What I'm saying is this, I need to convert whatever currency I have into Yen, so that I'll have enough money to buy Flan's clothing. Walking over to my wardrobe, I opened it as soon as I reached it. I began to shuffle through the many drawers that are available there, until I got what I wanted.

It's this file like thing where store my most important things. Like a replica of my birth certificate, my license, my passport, and my money. Money is divided into two categories. Useful and even more useful. The useful are my country's currency. I know that the value is not as high as the currency of Japan, but I have plenty enough to afford me some decent clothes. As for the more useful ones… I have a small saving of dollars, it took a lot of work to get it but I got it. I won't go through details, but it is safe to say that I have enough money to pay my rent for the next three or two months. And hopefully it will still be like that when I'll buy some clothing for Flandre later.

Grabbing the most important things, I began to take note on how much money I have with me in my pocket right now. "Hm… I got four thousand with me… that's quite a lot…" and by a lot I meant enough. Enough to feed me for the week, maybe more if I kept on doing whatever it is I'm doing. I closed my wallet, placing them back inside my pocket. Okay… so maybe I won't have to withdraw more money than I expected, guess I'm saved in some ways.

So today has been decided… we'll be shopping around for clothes for Flandre.

"Are you ready to leave?"

"Yes…"

My eyes soften at the small voice that Flandre has. Is it me, or is it that she's like this? She is dressed in my jacket, a different one, and her red skirt that she has been wearing for over three days now. I might not be a fashion sensor or am I familiar with this kind of thing, but if I were to be a girl and I look at myself while looking like that in a mirror, I think that I would be hurt. As my resolution to buy Flandre some clothes increase, I made a mental note to buy some of better ones. But a problem… I'm not good in choosing clothes.

Ever since coming to Japan, I've been buying what's the cheapest and nearest. And I don't even care what I looked like, all I care about is living and maintaining a normal life in Japan. Most of my better looking clothes comes from me before I went to Japan, I had my aunts and cousins to choose them for me. As for me, I'm wearing a plain white shirt with thin layer of t-shirt underneath it. I don't plan on wearing too much when going out, especially when it's summer.

But I'm concerned for Flandre. She ought to be hot wearing a jacket like that, guess that means that I'll have to rush there. But it'll be fine as soon as we entered the mall, shopping and all that. The children's section is where I'll probably go to, but since Flandre is technically young… I guess I'll have the clerk to deal with this later on. Speaking of deal, I've decided to take on a job on a nearby café. The place is near from campus and my apartment, the pay's great and the job's suitable for me.

Anyway, I better get going now. I give Flandre my hand, seeing that she is still new around here and I highly doubt that she wants to go out. Holding her hand is the least I could do. She complies by grabbing my hand, holding it. "Are you okay? We can do this tomorrow or the day after that…" I need to make sure that I'm not forcing her to do this. If she doesn't want it, then I won't go, as simple as that.

I saw Flandre shaking her head in negative. That surprise me in the least, I thought that she wasn't in the mood of going out. I told her earlier that we are going to go shopping for clothes, she didn't put on much of a reaction so I assumed that she wants to go. And I'm glad that she wants to. I would feel really horrible if I'm forcing this on her.

"No, I want to go… it's boring inside…" was all the thing that I could hear. She's bored…? That's no surprise, considering that she's only been sleeping these past few days.

Judging from the girl's tone, I could really tell that she is fine to go outside. But what I'm concerned of is the heat, she's wearing a jacket for God's sake, even I'm sweating and I'm not wearing a jacket. But if she wants to go, then there's nothing I could do. I sighed, smiling after. "Guess it can't be helped… it'll be really hot outside, if it gets too much for you tell me, okay?"

"Hai…" she responded.

"Good. Then, come on, let's get out. I'm going to lock the door first." I lead her outside of the apartment door. I take out my keys that I kept inside my pocket, shuffling with them for a second, I managed to find the right keys and I finally locked the door shut. Making sure, I tried to push the handle one more time. Great. It's lock. I place my keys inside my pocket again, right where they belong.

I take hold of Flandre's hand again, giving her one last look, I reassure her. "We will be out for most of the day, if you're tired or anything, please tell me and we'll return home quickly." I said. The days in summer are longer, and people tend to get tired if the days are longer. I can't see why Flandre isn't an exception, she might be younger than me, but I'm sure that she'll be tired if she were to be outside for too long.

Without waiting for her reply, I walked downstairs hand in hand with the girl. The sunlight finally touched our skin, to which Flandre finds distasteful. "Ugh… too bright…" she begins to cover her head using the jacket's hoodie. This course of action caused me to get confused and worried at the same time. I let go of her hand and began to tend to her.

"What's wrong? You tired already?" I asked.

"No… it's too bright…" I heard her murmur from under the hoodie that she's wearing over her head. Too bright? Well… it is summer… so I see no reason why she won't complain about that.

"There's no helping it, it's summer after all. How about we go now so that we'll reach the shop quicker? You can keep the hoodie on the way." I said, finding that there is no better alternatives.

"Hng…" she moaned in dismay, but complying anyway. It must be a new experience for her… summer. Maybe she lives in Alaska or somewhere on the north where it's cold… who knows? Anyway, we better go right now or else we're wasting time. I began to take out of the apartment complex, right where we proceed with our fast paced walk.

Since Flandre is feeling uncomfortable under the sun, she's walking in a slower pace than I am. It confuses me why would she react this much when going outside… maybe she has a condition over this? Anyway, it's better to not make her feel uncomfortable. I stopped in the middle of our walk, to which Flandre follows.

"Here, I'll carry you. This way, we'll get there quicker." I kneel on one leg and gave her my back. I wait for a few seconds, still not feeling a familiar weight on my back. "Come on now, the sooner we get this done the sooner we can return home." It was then at that point where Flandre finally rests her body on my back. I lift my own weight plus the girl's, it's amazing on how light she is. "Hold on tight…" I murmured in warning as I began to walk in a fast pace.

In just a couple of minutes, I've exited the housing complex using the familiar short cut alleyway that I always took for university. Even in this time of the day the alley is still dark due to the shadow it emits when bathed in light. I exit the alleyway even before I knew it. The scene of people walking is familiar to me, I know that I've arrived at the street.

As I carried the hooded girl behind me, I felt her shifting in position. She must be uncomfortable, but so am I. This heat is too much for me in many ways, and I can't wipe the sweat of my forehead due to both of my hands being busy on carrying Flandre.

If I remember correctly, the clothing store that I usually visit is somewhere to the west, which means that I'll have to cross the road to get there. Perfect… please do note the sarcasm. Without thinking much about it, I crossed the road seeing that the light is still green.

Reaching the other side, I resume my walk towards the clothing shop, which is not far from here. As I walk, I can gradually notice the uncomfortable feeling that Flandre is feeling, since she is shifting so much on my back. Before I knew it, I started to get worried over an unknown reason. In the first place, why is Flandre like this? Does she have a very sensitive skin? I don't know why but my gut instinct told me to go faster.

And go faster, I did.

I knew that I was running now, I even startled a few people that I pass by. This isn't exactly the best course of action, since I do look pretty suspicious right now. Come on, a man carrying a teenage girl behind him? If that's not suspicious then I'm confused. I just hope that no one thinks the way I'm thinking right now…

As I run, I noticed that my grip on Flandre begins to slip off. I took a moment to stop and readjust my grip on her legs. I started to go again, but this time, I settled for a fast paced walk. I pant lightly, feeling a little worked out. I haven't been running much lately, maybe I'll do some morning run on the way to campus next time…

After walking for another five to six minutes, I've finally reached the store. It's a simple clothing store that sells some local brands, nothing too expensive. On the first few days when I've arrived at Tokyo, I was trying to find stores that sell clothes, and this is the closest and the cheapest one that I could find. They sell clothing for adults, kids of both gender… there should be things for Flandre in there. And the place is air conditioned, so there's no problem for Flandre having to be uncomfortable like this.

I entered the store by stepping into the mat. And automatically, the sliding door opens. Thankfully, the store isn't crowded, I doubt that it would, considering that it's just a small time clothes store… But this place works, and I'm not one who cares on what he's wearing anyway. Of course, there are some circumstances. I can't just walk in public in just my pajamas…

I set Flandre back to her feet, still maintaining a hold of her hand. I looked at her, and I noticed that she isn't as uncomfortable as before. I feel relief washing down my entire being, I do know why… but I do.

Flandre pulled back the hoodie, showing her face. I frown slightly as I see the look on Flandre's face. She looks… weak for some reason. I hope that she's not sick, or else I'll be dealing with all sorts of trouble. As I was busy with paying my attention towards the girl, I fail to notice the presence of a clerk on my back.

"Hello there, how may I help you?" I turned to look at who is talking to me. She's a clerk here, about the same age as me, if not older. She looks official, if not just doing her job.
