"Eh… my…" I began to trail off, not knowing on how I should address Flandre. "My… niece here is looking for some clothes, you see, she's come here form overseas, but she forgot her bag at home, so I lent her my jacket. Can you please help her find something that suits her?" that's a pretty bad lie. Forgot her bag? Man…

The clerk giggled at the awkward smile that my face is pulling off. She nodded, a smile on her face. "Sure," she bent down, using her knees as support. "Little girl, come with me. I'll show you some nice clothes while your uncle waits here, okay?"

Flandre did not reply or whatsoever. She instead grips my hand tighter and used her other hand to cover herself using my legs. I laughed awkwardly, not exactly knowing on what to do. "Aha… she's quite the shy girl you see…" I placed a hand on Flandre's head. "Flan-chan, go with the nice Onee-san, I'll go and wait here. Okay?" I gave her an assuring smile, the most honest one that I could muster.

Flandre looked up from where she was standing, and her gaze meets mine. "Really? You won't go anywhere, Onii-san?"

Urk… that was dangerous… a niece calling her uncle Onii-san… now I'll get suspected for sure…

"Aww… what a cute girl, your uncle is young after all so it can't be helped… anyway, come with me Flan-chan, I'll help you on choosing some clothes." The clerk giggled. I can't believe that I'm safe… thank God… anyway, she's asking Flandre to come and follow her.

I gave one final reassuring look to Flandre. "It's fine kid, I'll wait here." I ruffled her hair one last time, before letting her go with the clerk. I saw Flandre's leaving form, slowly disappearing as she walks alongside the clerk to browse on some clothes. I sighed, walking towards the waiting couch. I seat there, waiting for Flandre to return with her clothing. As I sat, I observe the scene around me.

There are some people here, not only me and Flandre. Most are women, of course. I wonder… it's nowhere near winter but should I get some sweater…? It's still somewhere in the middle of summer, I guess not. And it's not like I'm finding some clothes for myself either, as I've said before, I'm a person who couldn't care less of what he's wearing.

For tonight, I plan on sleeping early, something that shouldn't be a problem for me. I need to wake up early tomorrow, since I have university to worry about. As I notice, as time pass by for that matter, my daily life has been… different from the usual. Usually, it is always in the same repetitive pattern: Wake up, eat breakfast, go to campus, return home, go shopping for dinner if needed, eat dinner, take a bath at public baths, and finally sleep.

But ever since Flandre shows up… that daily routine of mine has changed even though it's only a little bit. Where usually I would wake up at seven, I woke up at six this morning to cook breakfast for the both of us. I shop more when it comes to food, Flandre really like omurice for some reason. And now, I'm going out on shopping ever since a very long time. I don't shop much to begin with, and I only buy what I need, because my wants can come some other day.

It's safe to say that my everyday life of greyness and boredom has changed for the better… it's almost as if I'm enjoying life better, now that I have someone to look after. But still… Flandre has her family, and no matter if she's sent out by her family or what, they'll miss her sooner or later. I won't hide this… I'm kind of attached to the girl already, even though we just met for about four days ago. In such a short time, I can already feel my life changing whenever I look at Flandre's face in the morning.

It's like having to take care of a little sister… a sister who is really shy and timid. I did notice that I was smiling to myself. Today is another day, and just like any other day, I have to live it to the fullest. Especially when I have someone to take care of. I heard the sound of pitter patter coming towards my way; I unconsciously look towards the direction of where said noise is coming from. And as my vision landed on the sight that is before me, I can't help but blush.

There, walking towards me, is Flandre. Dressed in clothing that somehow befits her. She is dressed in a long sleeved skirt blouse with red trimmings. The main color of said blouse is red, though there are some designs with the color white on them. The skirt has frills on the edge, providing the most excellent cuteness appeal in my opinion. On her head, is a small red ribbon that is used to tie her ponytail. She's still wearing the same type of dress shoes that she's wearing, and the only thing that is different about her looks is the clothes.

"Here you go sir, your niece is as good as new." The clerk said with an amused tone. "Go on Flan-chan, show your uncle your new clothes." As the clerk said that, Flandre walked closer to me. She has a smile that I hadn't seen on her face. The smile is bright, a smile of happiness. It touched my heart the way a father would when he saw his daughter in the spotlight.

"How do I look, Onii-san?"

"You look cute, and awesome." I gave her a grin and two thumbs up. Flandre returned a similar grin to my own. The clerk beside me coughed, obviously trying to get my attention.

"We have a special promotion today. You could buy another set of clothing for the price of one and a half, would you like to consider that?"

"I'd love to."

"Hehe!"

"Ne, Onii-san… are we home yet?"

"We are Flan-chan, we are. See?"

I point a finger towards a familiar building that is the apartment. I can feel Flandre nodding from my back. I'm carrying the blonde kid… again. Not that I have any problem with it, and the fact that she was so uncomfortable with it this morning makes me worried if I let her walk all alone by herself. Flan is wearing the clothes that I bought for her earlier, and I have my jacket in the plastic bag along with another set of clothes for Flandre.

I entered the apartment complex, and I let Flandre down on the ground much to her dissatisfaction. I began walking, but Flandre grab a hold of my hand, insisting that she should hold it. I look down at the girl, smiling. It can't be helped then. I walk hand in hand with Flandre, towards our apartment room. We make quick work of the stairs, and before I knew it, we're already in front of the apartment's door.

I shuffled with my pockets, trying to find my keys, and when I finally found it, I insert it into the keyhole without thinking much about it. I twist open the key, and swing open the door. My room, dark and quiet, is just as the way Flandre and I left it this morning. Flandre lets go of my hand, and she immediately went inside.

I closed the door shut, locking it. I place the keys back into my pocket, not knowing if I'll head out or something. I promptly walk towards my room, sitting down on the dining chair. As spacious as this room may be, it is starting to get smaller. Probably because of Flandre staying here. Speaking of the girl, she is currently browsing with the clothes that I just bought for her. It brought a smile to my face to see that she's smiling like that, the first time she came here was only with a frown and a sad look. I'm glad to know that she's warmed up now.

I frown when a thought crossed into my head. I still need to find Flandre's family… as peaceful as this may be, the best choice is to help her find her family. But I don't exactly know where to start. I can ask the girl directly, but I'm not sure if that's worth washing away the happy expression on her face. It's selfish of me, yes, but… can't I? Can't I be selfish even for the slightest bit?

…

I guess I can't.

I stand up from my chair, using my hands and knees for support. I made my way to Flandre, taking the empty spot beside her. My presence caused her to stop browsing with the clothes that I bought her, the happy expression that she had on her face fade away like the distant autumn wind. Is my face obvious enough that I'm going to talk about such serious topics or is Flandre just naturally good at reading people? I have a gut feeling telling me that it's both.

I mentally prepare myself, even if I'm the one asking the questions. I opened my mouth-

"Onee-sama… loves me."

…

… I closed it again. With her head bowed, I can't really see what kind of face she's making. But it has got to be obvious that I better listen and save the questions for later.

"Onee-sama is a good person, so please, don't get the wrong idea of her Onii-san… She sent me out because she loves me, because she care for me. But… I'm just… I'm just too childish to realize it. It was for the best she said… and I think so too, but I can't help but think that there's more than that."

She paused for a lengthy moment. I stood in silence, simply observing her.

"You know Onii-san… do you believe in… Vampires?"

"Eh?" was the only thing that I could utter.

…

…

Ever feel that you've just had the biggest revelation in your life? Well, I just did. As a kid, I was engrossed in a show called 'Power Rangers', which happen to be the American equivalent to the Japanese Super Sentai. I was so engrossed that I would sometime skip school just to watch it at a friend's house, who goes to a different school than mine.

Remembering the show, I would always remember how the group of five sometimes six people who calls themselves Rangers would save the day from evil villains. Ignoring the overly repeated style of fighting, it still interests me to this day. I could imagine what kind of imagination the creator had when producing such movies.

Each ranger are unique, each represents the team itself. The main Ranger would always be the Red Ranger. He is the one who got the most screen time, the one who got to be in the middle of the camera when posing, the one who always got to have the 'head' of the Megazords. I can't get enough of Red's heroic attitude, his proclamation that he and his team will defeat the villain in the end.

Yet I got a thought, a thought that Red won't be Red without Yellow, Blue, Green, Black and even Pink. Scientifically, Red, Blue, and Green are three primary colors. Without them, Yellow won't be there. I can strongly say that even if Red is the leader, or the one who gets to lead, or the guy who simply gets the most screen time, he can't shine bright white without any of the Rangers. After all, the color White is the color produced by the combination of all the colors of the visible spectrum.

That's why White Rangers are rare…

Anyway, what I'm saying is this: Imagine, all those fantasy of yours, not just Power Rangers, but maybe Kamen Rider, Digimon, Pokemon and some other familiar fictional creations, become… real. I am, right now, surprised. I have never been so surprised in my whole entire life. Maybe surprised exaggerating it, okay, I'm stupefied. Stupefied about what I just heard from the girl – no – being in front of me.

Basically, what she told me… She is a vampire.

Wait, vampires and other sorts of monsters out there exist. Yeah, that's it. No, uh… aha! She told me that she is a vampire who lives in a place that is both inside and outside of this world which also happened to be a place other sorts of logic defying, and scientifically impossible creatures exist.
