"You look cute, and awesome." I gave her a grin and two thumbs up. Flandre returned a similar grin to my own. The clerk beside me coughed, obviously trying to get my attention.

"We have a special promotion today. You could buy another set of clothing for the price of one and a half, would you like to consider that?"

"I'd love to."

"Hehe!"

"Ne, Onii-san… are we home yet?"

"We are Flan-chan, we are. See?"

I point a finger towards a familiar building that is the apartment. I can feel Flandre nodding from my back. I'm carrying the blonde kid… again. Not that I have any problem with it, and the fact that she was so uncomfortable with it this morning makes me worried if I let her walk all alone by herself. Flan is wearing the clothes that I bought for her earlier, and I have my jacket in the plastic bag along with another set of clothes for Flandre.

I entered the apartment complex, and I let Flandre down on the ground much to her dissatisfaction. I began walking, but Flandre grab a hold of my hand, insisting that she should hold it. I look down at the girl, smiling. It can't be helped then. I walk hand in hand with Flandre, towards our apartment room. We make quick work of the stairs, and before I knew it, we're already in front of the apartment's door.

I shuffled with my pockets, trying to find my keys, and when I finally found it, I insert it into the keyhole without thinking much about it. I twist open the key, and swing open the door. My room, dark and quiet, is just as the way Flandre and I left it this morning. Flandre lets go of my hand, and she immediately went inside.

I closed the door shut, locking it. I place the keys back into my pocket, not knowing if I'll head out or something. I promptly walk towards my room, sitting down on the dining chair. As spacious as this room may be, it is starting to get smaller. Probably because of Flandre staying here. Speaking of the girl, she is currently browsing with the clothes that I just bought for her. It brought a smile to my face to see that she's smiling like that, the first time she came here was only with a frown and a sad look. I'm glad to know that she's warmed up now.

I frown when a thought crossed into my head. I still need to find Flandre's family… as peaceful as this may be, the best choice is to help her find her family. But I don't exactly know where to start. I can ask the girl directly, but I'm not sure if that's worth washing away the happy expression on her face. It's selfish of me, yes, but… can't I? Can't I be selfish even for the slightest bit?

…

I guess I can't.

I stand up from my chair, using my hands and knees for support. I made my way to Flandre, taking the empty spot beside her. My presence caused her to stop browsing with the clothes that I bought her, the happy expression that she had on her face fade away like the distant autumn wind. Is my face obvious enough that I'm going to talk about such serious topics or is Flandre just naturally good at reading people? I have a gut feeling telling me that it's both.

I mentally prepare myself, even if I'm the one asking the questions. I opened my mouth-

"Onee-sama… loves me."

…

… I closed it again. With her head bowed, I can't really see what kind of face she's making. But it has got to be obvious that I better listen and save the questions for later.

"Onee-sama is a good person, so please, don't get the wrong idea of her Onii-san… She sent me out because she loves me, because she care for me. But… I'm just… I'm just too childish to realize it. It was for the best she said… and I think so too, but I can't help but think that there's more than that."

She paused for a lengthy moment. I stood in silence, simply observing her.

"You know Onii-san… do you believe in… Vampires?"

"Eh?" was the only thing that I could utter.

…

…

Ever feel that you've just had the biggest revelation in your life? Well, I just did. As a kid, I was engrossed in a show called 'Power Rangers', which happen to be the American equivalent to the Japanese Super Sentai. I was so engrossed that I would sometime skip school just to watch it at a friend's house, who goes to a different school than mine.

Remembering the show, I would always remember how the group of five sometimes six people who calls themselves Rangers would save the day from evil villains. Ignoring the overly repeated style of fighting, it still interests me to this day. I could imagine what kind of imagination the creator had when producing such movies.

Each ranger are unique, each represents the team itself. The main Ranger would always be the Red Ranger. He is the one who got the most screen time, the one who got to be in the middle of the camera when posing, the one who always got to have the 'head' of the Megazords. I can't get enough of Red's heroic attitude, his proclamation that he and his team will defeat the villain in the end.

Yet I got a thought, a thought that Red won't be Red without Yellow, Blue, Green, Black and even Pink. Scientifically, Red, Blue, and Green are three primary colors. Without them, Yellow won't be there. I can strongly say that even if Red is the leader, or the one who gets to lead, or the guy who simply gets the most screen time, he can't shine bright white without any of the Rangers. After all, the color White is the color produced by the combination of all the colors of the visible spectrum.

That's why White Rangers are rare…

Anyway, what I'm saying is this: Imagine, all those fantasy of yours, not just Power Rangers, but maybe Kamen Rider, Digimon, Pokemon and some other familiar fictional creations, become… real. I am, right now, surprised. I have never been so surprised in my whole entire life. Maybe surprised exaggerating it, okay, I'm stupefied. Stupefied about what I just heard from the girl – no – being in front of me.

Basically, what she told me… She is a vampire.
