Wait, vampires and other sorts of monsters out there exist. Yeah, that's it. No, uh… aha! She told me that she is a vampire who lives in a place that is both inside and outside of this world which also happened to be a place other sorts of logic defying, and scientifically impossible creatures exist.

When I listened to her talk, I thought that she was just sprouting up nonsense, maybe she was filled down to the brain with stories by her so called Onee-sama. But she proved me wrong when wings started to sprout out from her back, and they aren't normal wings either. They look like wings, but they aren't the wings that I imagined what a vampire would have.

I know what a vampire is, I read about them in a book once. They are a mythical creature that feeds on the blood of humans, or any other living being there is. I still think of them as creatures that exist only within men's mind, but I can't stay true to that anymore when I'm facing one right now. Still…

"Prove it to me."

"Heh?"

I said it without thinking. I unknowingly clenched my fists. "Prove it to me that you are a vampire."

All the reaction that I got from Flandre was just a blink of an eye, something that a confused person would do. "Isn't it clear enough for you Onii-san?" is what she asked me.

"Still…" I can't really bring another reason for this matter. Flandre, a vampire? So that's why she's uncomfortable when going outside… however, my resolve remain strong. "Prove to me that you are a vampire."

"It can't be helped then…"I heard her mutter. She slowly get up on her feet, her 'wings' fluttering causing my eyes to widen. The clinging sound of prism shards is nothing like I've heard before, it is similar to glass when clinked together. She approached me, slowly, her red eyes which I thought was charming and exotic have not seemed so…

Dangerous.

She stopped when she was about ten inches from me. She then drops down to my laps, taking a seat while her face is facing my direction. Her face draws closer to mine, distance slowly being closed. My heartbeat increases, moving in a faster rate. But I'm ot nervous, nor am I scared. So why is my heart beating so fast?

As I was thinking, I noticed that Flandre's face was inches close to mine. I can feel her cold breath on my face, I can't help but release a breath of my own. It was then when I gulped really hard, and a certain memory came back to me. Flandre proclaimed that she was vampire, she's sensitive to sunlight, she's always asleep in the day whenever I return from campus…

Holy, mother of God… she's a vampire.

But it was too late, she pulled in a Dracula on me. Boy it hurt like hell, but only the first few seconds. I released a restrained scream, gritting my teeth to ignore the pain. But it was too much, I ended up screaming louder than what I expected. I'm not a person with a high tolerance of pain, I don't have experience with pain aside from some aches from my old job. But that's just about it.

It felt like nothing that I've ever felt before. It's similar to getting an injection from a needle, but imagine a needle with a large circumference and colder. In short, not the best experience I have in my life. As I cringed wordlessly, I can feel my body getting weaker, but nothing too much. It's like that I've run three times back and forth from here to my campus without rest. My body is getting fatigue, my head's a little bit drowsy.

Flandre finally lets go, I can feel her sharp vampiric fangs leaving my neck, it's gonna leave a mark that I don't want anyone to see. I can feel the pain vanishing in an instant, replaced by an aftermath of searing sensation. With ragged breaths, my eyes slowly find their way to Flandre's, at that moment, I felt both scared and guilty at the same time.

I felt like I've forced her into doing something that she doesn't want to do. Man, I felt terrible…

"Do you believe me now Onii-san?"

"Hah… Hah… Yeah, sure." There's nothing much I could say. Oh wait. "And um… I'm sorry." I thought that she did not get what I meant, but I was proven wrong by her actions.

"Hehehe." She giggled. She smiled at me, sincerely. "You're forgiven Onii-san."

I blushed lightly. God, this is too embarrassing. I scratched my cheeks, on an attempt to hide my embarrassment. But it failed, seeing that the vampire is laughing harder. She then suddenly grabs my arm, catching my attention. "Then, as forgiveness… can I ask for one thing?"

"What is it?" I ask, feeling slightly curious.

"Can you please…"

"No, no. You do it like this, you need to hold on the knife properly or else you'll get the wrong angle."

"Mu… it's so hard!"

"Patience kid, you won't get good results if you keep acting like that."

Cooking. Something simple, yet is highly praised by all. There's no surprise for a girl to cook, but for a vampire to cook… that's something that I don't find out every day. I don't consider myself good at cooking, I cook only what I know and what I'll eat. Then again, I'm not a picky eater, so I'll eat just about anything edible and healthy.

Currently, I'm teaching the vampire to cook a simple dish, but before that, she needs to know on how to cut the food properly. With a knife in hand, she is chopping off some leeks, which I have in my fridge. We'll need to prepare lunch anyway, since it's about one o'clock already. Today's lunch is going to be some fried salmon and miso soup, I'm just letting Flandre do the simplest of things.

"Here let me show you." I grab the knife from her hand, taking it and holding it properly. I show her on how I chop the leek, of course, the results are smoother and neater than what Flandre did before. "See, you must do it slowly. Or else it'll be bad and all squished up like that." I pointed towards Flandre's results.

"Anyway, now's to cook the salmon. First, grab the frying pan." I instruct her. It's amusing for me that I'm giving out simple orders to a vampire who follows as what I was instructing her to do. "Second, you turn on the stove and place the pan on the stove." I did just that while Flandre watches. "Third, apply some oil onto the frying pan. But remember, not too much." I grab my chopsticks and use it to grab a thin sheet of oil paper to which I soaked it into cooking oil. Then I smear the oil soaked paper into the pan, a neat and efficient way of using a minimal amount of oil when cooking. I could do this with a cooking brush but I'm too lazy to find it.

"After you done all that, just place the thing that you're going to cook into the frying pan. Here, you try it." I let her have my place. Flandre's eyes gleamed in excitement. She then uses a pair of clippers to grab the two pieces of salmon meat, she then placed them into the frying pan, emitting sizzling sound. She gave me a look that says 'I did it', to which I reply with a thumbs up.
