"From here, you need to make sure that the entire surface is cooked. To do that, you need to flip the fish gently, and be careful on not to get burnt." I said out from a distance, choosing to observe. The vampire then uses the clippers to flip the fish. She gave me a similar reaction, to which I reply with the same action.

After a moment of cooking the fish, I'm readying the table. I have the bowls and dishes out already, all that's left are the cups. I grab them from a cupboard, bringing them outside and placed them on the table top. I returned to the kitchen to see Flandre still cooking the fish, cooking salmon isn't that very long since it's fine whether you eat it raw or not. But cooking it gives you a better gradient of cooked and raw sensation.

The fish is finally done, now it's my time to cook. As another side dish, I'm planning to make some stirred vegetables. But Flandre hates it. I remember her not eating her portion a few days ago, she only ate her meat and rice. Meh, I'll just make it. I grabbed the other necessary ingredients from the fridge. Pulling out the chopping board, I began chopping vegetables as it if is my job.

"Wow, you're good with a knife Onii-san." I hear Flandre comments from the sidelines.

"Everyone who's done some cooking is at least this good when it comes to cutting." I said, not pausing from my task. "And please wait outside, I'm going to cook and there's going to be some smoke. You don't want to get your clothes dirty, right?"

"Yes!" with an affirmation from her, the little vampire strides off to the living room, watching the TV. I shook my head, she looks like a kid and she acts like a kid. But something tells me that she is older than she lets off… well, no use in worrying now. As I make quick work of the vegetable dish, I can hear that the TV is switched on to the children's channel, it's a show where they show that magical girls and stuff. While I do watch some animes or read some mangas, I am not so familiar with it when it comes to a specific topic.

I switched off the stove, when I finished cooking. I have my vegetables on the plate ready, now all that's left is to serve it. I exit the kitchen, placing the dish on the dining table. "Flandre, time for lunch." I called for the girl who is still focused on the magical girl show. She stands and approaches the table, taking a seat on one of the vacant chairs. I served her a bowl of rice, the salmon and a small plate of vegetables much to her displeasure.

I noticed the displeased expression on her face. "Hey, if you won't eat your vegetables you won't grow you know."… I'm totally bluffing, since I know nothing about vampires aside from the stereotypical things. But to my surprise, the girl complies by hesitatingly picking on the vegetables. I muttered a small prayer, before opening my eyes again. I began to eat while the TV is still on.

In the middle of our meal, the show that was airing switched, which means one thing.

"We interrupt this program to bring you…" ha, a breaking news. It seems that its sudden appearance caused Flandre to focus her attention on it. I can see that she's also annoyed that her show is interrupted. But I can also tell that the news is important. "The number of disappearance of people has been increasing for over more than a hundred. Police are still trying to figure out the matter at hand, but it seems that they are not able to link this case to any…"

As the news progresses, I find myself focusing on it. They aired this news a couple of weeks ago, before Flandre came. At first, the number of people that disappeared is minimal, but I did not know that it would be this worst. This is worrying for me, yet I'm relieved to know that Flandre isn't one of those people, since she came from another world. Yeah, no matter how many times I hear that, it still won't get into me.

Speaking of which, I'm also quite surprise to hear that vast numbers of people are disappearing. It seems that there were only about three to four people missing, now it's over than a hundred… wow. What could cause this kind of thing? Whatever it is, it's going to be a hot topic in the campus tomorrow. I better stay out of the main hallway if I don't want to be bothered by loud noises.

"Ne Onii-san?"

I paused my eating, noticing that Flandre had call for me. "Yes, what is it?"

"That's the news, right?" she pointed at the TV with her little fingers.

"Yeah, yes it is. What's the matter?"

"Nothing, just asking." Was all she said before resuming eating.

I stop eating for a couple of second, noticing that something is wrong. No matter how one would look at it, something's suspicious. Maybe it's just me. Maybe it isn't. But nah, there's a lot of time to worry about that later. After lunch, I'll be heading out to do some grocery shopping, which means leaving Flandre in the house. That thought alone worries me for some reason, I quickly finished my lunch, standing up.

"When you're done eating, put the dishes on the sink, I'll clean them up later." Hearing my words, she nodded. I smiled. I walked towards the veranda, taking a smoke. It's probably bad manners to smoke in front of children, but I'm not sure with vampire children. Inhaling the smoke, I exhale it again. This process repeats itself for a while, with my eyes dozed off towards the distant clouds.

My state of awareness is low, meaning that I'm not updated on most things around me. In other words, I'm somehow ignorant. I can't tell what's on trend or what's not. That's why I frequently read the papers and surf the web through my phone, and there's the TV if I need an even more direct source. But all this talk about missing people? Shit just got real I say…

The sliding door behind me opened, showing Flandre. "Onii-san, I thought that you want to talk to me?"

She found out without me asking… who's the kid here actually? Anyway, I might just get this over with quick. I discard my cigarette, pressing it to the wall's surface, killing the flames. I threw it on the floor, which I'll definitely throw later. "Let's talk on the living room Flandre." She nodded, and we both walked back inside.

Inside, I could already feel the atmosphere tensing. I was the one who's going to talk to her, so it's important if I don't screw this up. Taking a deep breath, I steady myself. "Okay Flandre, tell me. If you can return, like, at any time right now, will you do it?"

"No."

Wow, well that was sudden. It surprises me greatly, so great that I did not realize that my mouth is hanging open. Snapping myself back to reality, I ask. "Why?"

"Well… before Onee-sama sent me here, she told me that I must control my powers somehow… but I'm not sure if I can do that here." She started. "The people here are humans, they'll break even if I just play with them for a little bit." She said. "When I came here, most of my powers are sealed, but I don't remember Onee-sama or Patche sealing it before Onee-sama sent me here…" she frowned, finishing her explanation.

"Hm… I think that I have little idea of what you just said. Here's my take on it: So basically, your sister sent you here so that you could control your powers," I got a nod from her. "But when arriving here, you found out that you are almost as powerless as a rat," another nod. "But the weird thing is that you can't remember if your sister and whoever this Patche person is sealed your powers before they sent you here, is that right?"

"Onee-sama was the one who sent me here… Patche was probably just following orders from her." the girl said honestly.

I waved it off rudely. "Sure. And now another question from me." I'm serious on this one. "Why don't you want to return back to your home?"

… I probably should've tried a softer approach. Flandre is instantly silent, my eyes softened. "Look Flandre, it's not that I don't want you to stay here or anything but, I think that it's best if you were to… return… home. My landlord will definitely know that I'm living with someone here, something that isn't allowed here." I try reasoning with her.

Flandre didn't answer, she is quiet, head bowed down. But then, she speaks. "How…" she looked up, eyes mad with tears dripping down from them. "Then how am I supposed to return?! I'm weak right now, I don't even have enough energy to fly, I can't even do some low rank magic spells. How do you think that I'll be able to return home?"
