
That's why Onee-sama gave Sakuya her pocket watch, it was an old memento of our mother, it has the ability, when used, to manipulate time to the user's will. Of course, this won't last for forever. Speaking of the maid, aside from being loyal and honest, she is also a worrywart. I remember her warning me not to go wandering off in the basement, how silly is that?

I'm the one who's been locked in there for about five hundred years and I'm the one who fought both the shrine maiden and the witch in the basement. So I can't help but laugh at the thought. Regardless, I know that Sakuya cares, she is also strict when it comes to food.

"It's okay Sakuya… I know that I can trust Onii-san, because I know that he's different." I said with a firm voice. I trust Onii-san. I trust him more than I trust myself even. He's caring, nice and kind. He could've kicked me out when I revealed my status of being a vampire, but he didn't. And I know that he is a religious person, I can feel the presence of a rosary coming from inside the wardrobe.

"But he is still a man, surely you must have other thoughts about this." Aside from being a worrywart, Sakuya is also persistent.

"Even if he is like that, then where should we go? Sakuya, I don't even know how on earth did you managed to come here. So before we talk about Onii-sama, why don't you explain that to me first?" I said as strictly as I can. Just like what I expected, Sakuya cannot speak against an order.

She sighed in defeat. "Very well Imouto-sama…" she then proceeds to the conversation. "Before Patchouli-sama and Ojou-sama transported you to the outside world, we were caught by the Gap Youkai." My eyes instinctively widens when I heard the moniker. "She warned us that another action like that, be it for good or bad intention, we will be dealt with force. Ojou-sama was planning to send me in the next transport, but it won't work seeing that the Gap Youkai has found out. So instead, she asked the Gap Youkai to send me here through one of her many gaps to overlook on what you're doing." That's the end of her explanation.

…As I expected. Something like this is most likely the reason as to why Sakuya is sent here, to look after me. After a lot of thinking, I know that my sister is not a cruel woman. I know she loves me, she loves her family more than she loves herself. I know that very well. But, at first, I never thought that she would send Sakuya after me. I thought that she would probably send Meiling or even one of her many summons. The explanation relieved me greatly.

But Sakuya resumes. "The first few days, I attracted a lot of attention. But the Gap Youkai managed to supply me with basic knowledge of this place, the outside world about Japan the other countries out there. Though I only have basic knowledge, I managed to track you down. I saw you walking into this complex with a man and I assume that you have taken the guise of a girl to let him stay the night with you."

At that, I shouted in outrage. "You assumed what?!"

"Please don't be offended Imouto-sama, I did not assume such things!" Sakuya shouted to her defense. I calmed down, taking deep breath just like what Onii-san told me to whenever I'm anxious or stressed. "I came to a conclusion, and I remembered seeing that man earlier the day when I saw you with him walking towards this building. I thought that it was strange for a normal human to have small traces of magic in him, so I decided to investigate further. And that is how, I came to this place."

"Then why did you suddenly passed out right outside of the door?" I asked. "The doctor at the hospital said that you were possibly drunk, what were you doing?"

"I… I don't know. When I plan on knocking the door, I suddenly felt dizzy, my strength leaving the body. It's as if I just have half of my life force drained for me." I looked at Sakuya's eyes, and I can't find a single trace of lie in them. I knew that Sakuya is not the type to lie for such things, but I can't help to make sure.

"I see… but still, my opinion won't change. We don't have anywhere else to stay Sakuya, unless you know of a way to return back to Gensokyo." I paused and was no returned an answer. "I thought so…" I sighed, slumping down to the floor. my eyes gazed upwards, facing the near, white ceiling. I have never seen a ceiling this close, the ceiling at the basement is tall, I would need to fly to touch them.

"Hey Sakuya…?" my voice suddenly trailed out, unknowingly even to myself.

"Yes, Imouto-sama?"

"I… Will we ever be able to return home?" I asked a question that has been on my mind. While I am fine staying here with Onii-san, I am uncomfortable at the thought of being a helpless girl. I still have a portion of my powers, but it's only enough for me to do so much.

She is silent, unable to answer my question. But eventually, she answered. "We will return home… Ojou-sama will surely do something about this, there's no way that we won't be returning home sooner or later… I just hope that it will be soon, I left the mansion unattended and I can't trust Meiling to do the chores." She murmured the last part bitterly.

I smiled softly, knowing how much of a worrywart Sakuya is. In some aspects, Onii-san reminds me of Sakuya. He worries easily and is sometime serious. Perhaps it might be a coincidence. My eyes stare at the ceiling for what seems to be eternity, my head is all blank. If I can't get home right now… then I'll just stay here, there's nothing that Sakuya or I could do anyway.

My hand gripped down on the jacket that I'm using as a blanket, I gripped them tightly.

'Thank you Onii-san…'

I had just finished my job. It was… eventful and fresh. I just felt as if I had taken a new step in life. My pocket's full of cash and I'm currently on my way to a supermarket to get some groceries. Walking the evening streets of Tokyo, I had a huge smile in my face. I know that I might be creeping out some of the people that went pass me but who cares, I just got paid.

There's this feeling of satisfaction inside of me, looks like getting paid will be one of my newest and most favorite thing starting from now on. People are looking at me, but I'll say again, I don't care. I stopped at the end of the curb, damned traffic light almost ruined my happy mood. While waiting, I took the liberty to check my phone. Whoa, it's three already? Damn, that's a pretty long time. I pocketed my phone back to my pocket, and crossing the road when it's clear.

After a lot of walking, I finally reached the supermarket, the same one that I always go to whenever I needed to buy groceries. Now this is what makes Japan and the States different, though I'm not from the states, I could say that people here does not stock up as often as the people at the states do. I have friends from the US, some might have forgotten who I am, but we're still chatting through email.

I entered the supermarket, where I immediately grab a shopping basket. I went straight for the meat section, thinking that I should at least cook something special for the occasion. Hmm… sukiyaki is good, why not go with that? I went through the other sections of the supermarket, searching whatever it is that I'm going to buy. From meat to vegetables, I shop as if I'm a professional housewife, constantly comparing from quantity and quality. Still, quantity wins. And when I'm done, I went to pay for all the things that I've bought.

"Thank you for purchasing, please come again!" the clerk thanked me as I was about to leave.

With a shopping bag filled with ingredients, I can expect a feast to be happening tonight. Well, it's just the three of us. Me, Flandre and Sakuya-san. I'm sure that they'll enjoy it. My feet began taking me towards the direction of my apartment, I looked up at the sky, still seeing the sun. The day is longer here, no wonder they call Japan as 'The Land of the Rising Sun'. Morning comes fast…

Finally done with all the walking, I've reached my apartment complex. I walked up the stairs, and proceeded towards my room. I know it's not locked, so I just open the door with one hand. "I'm home." I called out, making myself known. I walked forward and slip out of my shoes without difficulty.

"Welcome home." I blinked. I looked up, surprised to see that the one who greeted me isn't Flandre. It's Sakuya-san. She greeted me with her seemingly usual stoic demeanor; her silver eyes are truly something to be marveled at. Not wanting to be accused of staring, I brought up the shopping bags. "I take it that those are tonight's dinner?"

"Yup." I said, a little too happy.

"I see… what are we having tonight?" oh, she has got to be concerned about Flandre's diet. Seeing that the girl's a vampire and all…
