"Okay, bye Onii-san."

I closed the door, before going to the baths.

"Ah… public baths are so relaxing…" especially when you're alone. The male section of the baths is usually empty. Though it could get quite crowded sometimes. I personally like it when I'm bathing alone, the thought of taking a bath while having people, regardless of gender, around seems uncomfortable to me. I remember having my first bath in Japan, not a pretty memory that one.

I need to be careful on not to stay too long in the baths, getting wrinkles isn't something I'm looking forward to. So, back to some thinking. I know that I could be a worrywart, but the thought of having two girls, one is a vampire and another one is a maid who happens to be skilled with a knife, isn't as comfortable as it sounds like. I know that Flandre isn't the type of person, or vampire, to… she's just not a bad person, and the same can be said for Sakuya-san. I know why Sakuya-san attacked me, she was worried about her mistress's/master's safety. I could understand that.

Now, back to the source of my thinking: Getting Flandre and Sakuya-san back to where they come from. It would be easier, and I mean easier, if this Gensokyo place can be reached by plane. But I have this big hunch that not even Bear Grylls himself can walk there without surviving the first few days from trying to find wherever this Gensokyo is. But seriously, awesome guy that one… anyway, if Flandre or Sakuya-san can't do anything, then what can I, a powerless human being with no real knowledge of the supernatural, do?

I can't just stumble upon Gensokyo, bringing my baton and starting to beat the hell out of people to get some rep, right? That would be a very silly thing to do. I don't really have an idea as to where I'm going or have to start in order to find whereabouts of Gensokyo. I just had this gut feeling that finding Gensokyo will be harder than finding the lost city of Atlantis. Or maybe they are related to each other?

Hah, that'll be silly. Vampires living in water? They'll die.

There's no use in thinking about it further, really. I can't help, and that's that. All I can do is just provide the two with shelter and food. But one thing that has been bugging me… why? Why am I so… kind to let these strange and unique people live in my house? I don't think that I can answer that question on my own, after all, I'm pretty useless when it involves myself. Even my mom said that to me, yup. She told her own son that he's a useless little puppy without its master when alone. Says the woman who's currently running on hospital food…

Anyway, I better head back home. I think that I have enough bath today.

A fresh morning in Tokyo, Japan. The air smells fresh, the summer's gentle breeze is warm and it's a moment of heaven before suffering in the day. People who live in houses could just play around in their baths or eat watermelon. I could too, but I'm not looking forward to get sticky messiness all over my face. But the bath part seems reasonable…

I've done a lot of thinking, and I thought that going to the pool is a very great idea. But I have classes today, and I'm not going to skip them. Looks like that I'll have to make plans for upcoming holidays… summer break is just around the corner after all. As a person who takes time in his studies, I really appreciate it whenever I get the time to review my lessons. But as a human being, I need motivation and entertainment. You put a guy inside a well and he'll start talking to himself, something that I don't want to turn out to be.

So it is decided. This Saturday, in the morning, the pool.

The next day…

"I'll be going now. I'll leave the cleaning to you Sakuya-san."

"Goodbye Onii-san!" the little bundle of joy that is Flandre slammed me from the front, hugging my waist while smiling. I smiled back in reply, ruffling the girl's hair. "Let's all eat together for tonight, okay?"

"We will, it's my apartment after all." I joked. "Now, I'll be leaving for real. Bye bye."

"Bye!" I closed the door, leaving for campus.

I went through my daily routine of passing streets, and crossing the roads. I reached my campus, and I was not late. I'm really glad that I wasn't. So the lesson started, we're studying economics. One of my favorite subjects. I wasted no time in taking notes, and eventually, class ends.

"Okay class, make sure that you submit your project in written format, we will have it done by next week."

Just like that, the bells ring. I stood from my seat, packing up my things. I was planning on return home quicker than before, and I need to go to my part time. I have a night shift, so I have the rest of the evening all to myself. The books that I'm carrying were packed right away, I placed them swiftly and smoothly into my bag.

Campus is the same as always. Listening to lectures, return home when you're done and you're basically for the rest of the day. There are some who needs to take extra classes, but I'm not those people so I've got nothing to worry about. I'm more concerned on how will I continue to live with two extra people at my apartment. My rent is due at next week, and the elderly couple who are nice enough to provide me with a place to stay have retired. Their son is the one who manages the business for them. From personal experience, the guy is a straight up ass. I know how he looks at people, especially women.

If he found out that I have two girls living in my room, I'm afraid that he might do something me or especially to them. Even if one of them is a vampire and another one is a fighter maid, I'm still worried. Well, looks like I have things to worry more later. I exit my class, walking the hallways where uni students are chatting or just walking around to return home or attending other classes. I only have three lectures today, and I'm done with them all. It's one O'clock, and I've entrusted lunch to Sakuya-san. I have my work at two, and I'll be finishing it until six. A busy day, yet I like it. It makes me feel like a responsible person.

I return home, passing the streets and crossing roads. I eventually reached the front of my apartment complex. But as soon as I stepped in, I groaned inwardly, seeing that I've forgotten my watch in my locker. Well, I'm not going to go back to campus just to get a watch. I'm going to campus tomorrow anyway, so there's no need to really take it now. I walked up the stairs, approaching my apartment door. I knocked, before letting myself in.

"I'm ho- whoa! Sorry!" My body instinctively turned and faced the opposite side, my face red flushed from the scene that I just saw upon entering my room. I just saw Sakuya-san changing her clothes, she was just in her underwear. I should've wait for a reply when knocking, now I'm going to really get it! I closed my eyes, awaiting something painful. But it never came.

"Ah, welcome home." Was the only thing I heard along with the rustling of clothes. "I've made lunch for the both of us. Imouto-sama has eaten hers while you are away, and she is now taking her daily nap." Daily nap? She's a vampire after all, so it can't be helped.

"I…uh, see. Ahem, then, are you… finished changing?" my voice came out like a squeak, so uncool of me.

"Yes, I'm done." I sighed in relief when hearing her reply. I turned around to see a fully dressed Sakuya-san in her maid outfit. I'm not bothered or anything but isn't she getting hot while wearing that? Even if the skirt of the uniform is quite short, I can tell that it's stuffy. But she's not sweating or anything, maybe it's because she's used to this kind of thing already.

I walked over to her, placing my bag near my wardrobe. I walked to the table where a plate of eggs and bacon is ready for me to eat. I'm not complaining, but at least we'll still have ingredients for tonight. I grabbed the spoon and fork, before eating the food. It's normal, because it's instant food. I finished it in minutes, not bothering to place the dish on the sink or even grabbing a glass of water to drink.

I opened my phone, looking if I had some incoming e-mails from my dad or something. I see none, so that means that dad hasn't sent me my allowance yet. It's fine actually, maybe he's busy or something with his business in Beijing. I sighed. I really want to sleep, but I'm too bored to sleep. As I was just about to stand from my seat, Sakuya-san sits down on the seat opposite to mine.

"Do you have time to talk?" I blinked, did I just heard right? Sakuya-san wants to talk to me. She bears a serious expression, but I can sense the hint of concern in them quite well. Judging from the way that this is probably going, I'll say that she's going to either talk about Flandre or about herself.

"Yes, I still have time before work." I nodded.

"Thank you." She thanked me. "But before we speak, I would like to thank you for letting Imouto-sama stay with you after all this time. As a maid, I may not be in the right position to thank you but please, do try to understand."

I felt very awkward and embarrassed at that point. My face visibly flushed, something that I desperately hide with a cough. "Don't mention it… it's the right thing to do. I just can't leave a helpless person now can I?" actually, I can. But that would be the last thing I'll say in front of her.

"I see…" she smiled, something that made my heart race just by seeing her slightest twitch of lips. "You really are a nice person, Imouto-sama was right." I felt all soft and fuzzy inside, almost like a teenager in love. I know that I'm not a teenager, but I can't say anything about the latter part.

"No, not really…" I need to change the topic before I embarrass myself further… "Eh… what were you going to say?"

"Ah, right." she seemed to have remembered. "The reason I am here is because of Imouto-sama's big sister."

I'm pretty surprised to hear that. Didn't Flandre say that her sister sent her out here? It was about some family things, something that I try very hard to avoid talking about. "But… isn't Flandre here because of her sister…?"

"Indeed it is so. But Milady sent her sister for the little sister's own good. She wants her to control of her power so that she would stop hurting herself and others. If you have known that Imouto-sama is a vampire, then you must know that she can't quite control her powers, right?" Sakuya-san asked me.

"No, I haven't heard that part of the information before. All I know is that Flandre is here because her sister sent her here due to some… issues, I guess…?" I said out lamely. "I did not really ask much because I don't really want to pry or anything."

"Hm… I see, that is a very appropriate reason." She looked pleased. "But now that you know this far, I guess there's no wrong in telling everything…"

From that point onwards, Sakuya-san began telling me about Flandre, her sister, Gensokyo, the Scarlet Devil Mansion and its residence. And also, about a particular vampire called Remilia Scarlet. She is Flandre's sister, the one who sent here. I was fairly surprised to hear that she sent her own little sister out of good will. To be honest, I'm glad to know that it is out of good will. Which means that both sisters will not have anything to hate on each other.

But what I find very disturbing is about… Flandre. As Sakuya-san begins to explain further, I begin to learn more and more about Flandre. About why she is locked up in a basement, about her destructive powers, about why she's unstable when it comes to her powers… I really, really, find it disturbing to know that a little girl, vampire or not, just like Flandre is able to make me explode just by grabbing air.

I would be lying if I were to deny my fears. But Sakuya-san knows that it can't be helped. All humans have their fears, even her. Though not much is shared about her person, she did share some useful information. She is a human, she has worked for almost her entire life in the mansion, she loves to do house chores and she has the power to stop time. I was about to scoff at that last part, but she somehow convince me without doing anything at all.

After the talk is finished, I leave for my work. I return later at about seven. I ate dinner along with Flandre and Sakuya-san, just like how I promised the vampire. The dinner was eventful, the entire thing happened while Flandre is explaining how much she enjoys watching the anime that she always watches on TV. After we finished dinner, we cleaned up. It's too late to take a bath, so I decided to take sleep directly. I brushed my teeth in the sink, and when I'm done, we all turn to bed.

It's quite amusing if I were to describe the sleeping arrangement. Basically, the girls get to sleep on the futon, since I only have two. I bought an extra one and decided to lend it to Sakuya-san. She insisted at first, but accepted it anyway. So our sleeping arrangement is like a the kanji for 'River' or '川'. Sakuya-san and I are at the sides, while Flandre is in the middle. Since my room is quite spacious, there are spaces enough for all of us to have appropriate distance.

But as I was just about to sleep and close my eyes, I find myself unable to do so. I can't sleep without all the things that I've learned and heard from Sakuya-san.

I don't know, am I afraid of Flandre?

No… I'm just… I don't even know what I'm feeling…

Eventually, sleep gets to me and I'm out like a light.

A/N: Whew, nothing much happened here except for some explanation on how did Sakuya managed to get into the human world. I was expecting this to turn out longer but looks like my expectations were just too high. Well, we will see if the next chapter is better or not. The next chapter will probably take a longer time to update, I will need to do my research for the story and all that. I can't afford to give you all fake facts now can I?

Anyway, hope you enjoyed and have a nice day/night!