
"Sorry sweetie, you're just like your father. Getting embarrassed so quickly… I'll just hope that my grandchildren do not inherit that kind of trait."

"Urgh… thank you mom, good bye."

"Ufufufu. See you too honey."

I closed the phone, not wanting to hear my mother's teasing anymore. I sighed, before resuming my smoking a little later. Minutes passed, and now I'm done to one stick. I've decided that it's time to take a bath, meaning that I'll have to go to the public bath in order to bathe. Throwing off the rest of the remaining cigar to a trashcan, I went inside the apartment again to get my things for my bathe.

"Flandre, have you taken a bath?" I asked the girl who is intently watching the magical girl show.

"No, me and Sakuya were planning to go right after the show's finished. Whoa! Go Ruby-chan!" look at her, acting just like a small girl. It's cute. But it's looks like Flandre isn't the only one who's interested in the show. It's quite amusing, seeing a person as old, physically and maybe mentally too, as Sakuya-san to be interesting in this kind of trend. Maybe they don't have TV in this Gensokyo place.

"Okay then, I'll be going to the baths now. You remember the way to the baths right?" I asked while getting my things ready. My towels, dipper, and extra clothes.

"Yup." She answered, still glued to the screen.

"Okay, go with Sakuya-san when you're done watching the show. Don't take too long now." I said with my head peeking out of the door.

"Okay, bye Onii-san."

I closed the door, before going to the baths.

"Ah… public baths are so relaxing…" especially when you're alone. The male section of the baths is usually empty. Though it could get quite crowded sometimes. I personally like it when I'm bathing alone, the thought of taking a bath while having people, regardless of gender, around seems uncomfortable to me. I remember having my first bath in Japan, not a pretty memory that one.

I need to be careful on not to stay too long in the baths, getting wrinkles isn't something I'm looking forward to. So, back to some thinking. I know that I could be a worrywart, but the thought of having two girls, one is a vampire and another one is a maid who happens to be skilled with a knife, isn't as comfortable as it sounds like. I know that Flandre isn't the type of person, or vampire, to… she's just not a bad person, and the same can be said for Sakuya-san. I know why Sakuya-san attacked me, she was worried about her mistress's/master's safety. I could understand that.

Now, back to the source of my thinking: Getting Flandre and Sakuya-san back to where they come from. It would be easier, and I mean easier, if this Gensokyo place can be reached by plane. But I have this big hunch that not even Bear Grylls himself can walk there without surviving the first few days from trying to find wherever this Gensokyo is. But seriously, awesome guy that one… anyway, if Flandre or Sakuya-san can't do anything, then what can I, a powerless human being with no real knowledge of the supernatural, do?

I can't just stumble upon Gensokyo, bringing my baton and starting to beat the hell out of people to get some rep, right? That would be a very silly thing to do. I don't really have an idea as to where I'm going or have to start in order to find whereabouts of Gensokyo. I just had this gut feeling that finding Gensokyo will be harder than finding the lost city of Atlantis. Or maybe they are related to each other?

Hah, that'll be silly. Vampires living in water? They'll die.

There's no use in thinking about it further, really. I can't help, and that's that. All I can do is just provide the two with shelter and food. But one thing that has been bugging me… why? Why am I so… kind to let these strange and unique people live in my house? I don't think that I can answer that question on my own, after all, I'm pretty useless when it involves myself. Even my mom said that to me, yup. She told her own son that he's a useless little puppy without its master when alone. Says the woman who's currently running on hospital food…

Anyway, I better head back home. I think that I have enough bath today.

A fresh morning in Tokyo, Japan. The air smells fresh, the summer's gentle breeze is warm and it's a moment of heaven before suffering in the day. People who live in houses could just play around in their baths or eat watermelon. I could too, but I'm not looking forward to get sticky messiness all over my face. But the bath part seems reasonable…

I've done a lot of thinking, and I thought that going to the pool is a very great idea. But I have classes today, and I'm not going to skip them. Looks like that I'll have to make plans for upcoming holidays… summer break is just around the corner after all. As a person who takes time in his studies, I really appreciate it whenever I get the time to review my lessons. But as a human being, I need motivation and entertainment. You put a guy inside a well and he'll start talking to himself, something that I don't want to turn out to be.

So it is decided. This Saturday, in the morning, the pool.

The next day…

"I'll be going now. I'll leave the cleaning to you Sakuya-san."

"Goodbye Onii-san!" the little bundle of joy that is Flandre slammed me from the front, hugging my waist while smiling. I smiled back in reply, ruffling the girl's hair. "Let's all eat together for tonight, okay?"

"We will, it's my apartment after all." I joked. "Now, I'll be leaving for real. Bye bye."

"Bye!" I closed the door, leaving for campus.

I went through my daily routine of passing streets, and crossing the roads. I reached my campus, and I was not late. I'm really glad that I wasn't. So the lesson started, we're studying economics. One of my favorite subjects. I wasted no time in taking notes, and eventually, class ends.

"Okay class, make sure that you submit your project in written format, we will have it done by next week."

Just like that, the bells ring. I stood from my seat, packing up my things. I was planning on return home quicker than before, and I need to go to my part time. I have a night shift, so I have the rest of the evening all to myself. The books that I'm carrying were packed right away, I placed them swiftly and smoothly into my bag.

Campus is the same as always. Listening to lectures, return home when you're done and you're basically for the rest of the day. There are some who needs to take extra classes, but I'm not those people so I've got nothing to worry about. I'm more concerned on how will I continue to live with two extra people at my apartment. My rent is due at next week, and the elderly couple who are nice enough to provide me with a place to stay have retired. Their son is the one who manages the business for them. From personal experience, the guy is a straight up ass. I know how he looks at people, especially women.
