It was still morning. The sun is up, and the sky is bright due to that. I was heading towards my apartment, in a large city somewhere close to a park. I was having a rather normal day. University was fine, boring… in other words. Nothing too interesting happened today, and I hope it stays that way.

This country… is always busy, probably on a same level as mine. People are already swarming the streets, masses of people are walking in groups to cross the roads… it's a different sight. Back then, I would always and will only ever see traffic, in my country. The pollution is at its peak too. So… I can't say whether I'm happy or not ever since I chose to study abroad.

I waited on the edge of the curb, my gaze fixed at the light that will indicate when I will be able to walk. It's a short wait, about one or two minute. I could share a few of my time and it's not like I'm dumb enough to just cross the road, ignoring traffic rules. I'd have my life and status on the line. Jail and death are one of the few things that I'm trying to avoid.

The sound of busy street is my music, playing and ringing, and will forever be etched into the deepest part of my brain. It does not help when I would hear this kind of background every time I leave unicersity. But today is special… I left school with permission. I haven't been feeling too well recently, I don't even know what's the reason or cause.

I have a fine and normal sleeping hour, I do not overly exert myself when it comes to study, I train my body and maintained a healthy diet… I tried convincing myself that it's due to the season's change… but, what kind of sickness that suddenly happens when I'm in the middle of the class? It all does not matter anymore. All I've got to do is to go home, and rest. Period.

And I got my papers from the teachers at school today, I could do them after resting.

Something flickering caught my attention, it seems that I'm able to cross the road now. Finally… is what crossed my mind, I straightened my body while holding back a cough. The first step was smooth, and before I even knew it… I was already on the other side of the road. I resumed my walking, and it's a good thing that my house is not far away from here.

I could already see the park that is near my house, all I got to do was search for it. I walked straight for the intersection, serves my memory right, I took a left. I figured out that it would be better if I head to the supermarket. I should probably make myself a porridge or something to ease my… fever… if I can call it that.

The sliding door's sensor made the door open as soon as I step unto the grey mat. I walked in, and was greeted by the clerk. The clerk is female, a usual face. I visited this supermarket a few times… this is where I normally got my ingredients to make food from. Or if I am unable to provide time to cook, the ready to eat foods here are not so bad. But I will avoid the curry… I got a two hour diarrhea the last time I ate it.

I quickly set myself towards the vegetables and fruit section first. Since this place is not that large, I could do my shopping as short as possible. That is however, depending on what things I'm buying. I usually keep discount voucher or coupons for a cut of price, but I left my other wallet at home today, so I'll be regretting that when I pay the bills.

The rack of vegetables are showing many, and fresh vegetables from every different kind of family. Each sections seems to be grouped in their type of the family, for example, on the first row, is the Cucurbitaceous type of vegetables. Cucumber, pumpkin, squash, watermelon, honeydew melon and cantaloupe are a few of the known vegetables belonging to that family of vegetables.

After a quick selection of fresh yet affordable vegetables, I change my objective towards the meat section. At days like these, discounts are available, with or without a coupon. It will help me greatly. The rule for buying meat is that to always remember to choose quantity over quality. That rule had saved me a lot of times, and I intend to follow that rule as long as I can.

Time flows as I went and browse through the selection of meat, it was also the moment when I realized that I need to be home quick. After making sure that I got everything I need, I immediately went for the counter to purchase. Thankfully, today is not a busy day, so the cashier is not crowded. I placed my shopping basket, which is filled with my ingredients for cooking, on the counter. The cashier quickly do her job, making quick work of the scanning.

After finishing, I pay for the items, and I was saved due to the discount that few of the items have. Exiting, I was thanked by the clerk. After making sure that I'm ready, I walked towards west, the direction of where my apartment is at. It's not a long walk. Albeit a short yet busy one. The crowded sensation of the road is what makes people thing that they took a long time for going home, and study proves it as true.

As I proceed more with my walking, I took a left, entering an alley. I walked at a normal pace, and eventually turn left at reaching the corner. After a few more steps, I finally reached the front step of my apartment. It's not much… the rent is affordable and it's the closest one near campus. The facility's not bad… and the room is not that small nor too big. Overall, it's decent.

…

…

"Hm?" as I entered the gate, I saw a rather… unusual sight. There are people, carrying furniture inside an apartment room. From seeing alone, I could already identify that the person is a female. The pink colored wardrobe is obvious enough… or if I was wrong, the one who will be living here is a very girly boy, or the person, if the person is a male, just has a weird taste in color.

It's none of my business to be minding this kind of thing, I'm sure that they'll get the job done. I don't want banging noise or dragging noise when I'm sleeping, after all. And from the looks of it, I've got the matter to worry about, since the room that is currently being furnished is directly below mine. I can't even feel the slight frown on my face as I saw this.

Inside my room, I began to get ready for cooking. I've been feeling a little dizzy, and decided to make something as simple as pie. I won't be making a pie, I'll be making porridge. Cooking is something I'm decent at. I taught myself on how to cook Japanese dishes before I went here, so that I could adjust myself on living here from now on.

As my cooking goes, I have a little time to think. For once, I have my daily budget to think of. I'm not on a corner right now, in fact, I've been maintaining a fine budget. But it's probably best for me to get a job sooner or later. This week's outcome is… normal, and it's only slightly higher than usual. But if this continues, I'll be forced to go and take a job sooner than I expected.

And of course, I also need to think about university. Since I am in my third year of university, I have less free time than I did when I was in my first and second year. That will be a problem if I am planning to take on a part time job… then that leaves me with the choice of finding a well-paying part time job. But where to start… since I don't normally socialize much at campus, I don't have people to talk to. It's a good thing that the campus allows students to get a part time job… maybe the teacher will have a few recommendations.

As I go deeper, deeper and deeper into thought, I was shaken off by the smell of something cooking. Looks like my porridge is done. All that I have to do is eat it then go straight to sleep. Nothing more and nothing less. I moved the porridge from the pot to a bowl, it's still hot so I'll have to wait for it to cool down first. I hate hot foods… that is why I stick to cafeteria food. Knowing that it'll take longer for me to wait for the food to cool, I head out to the veranda to take a quick smoke.

I know that it might sounds weird for people to know that a sick person is smoking, but that always helps on my case. I pulled out a stick of fag from the box that I kept inside my shirt pocket. I brought it to my lip, while my hand is busy finding my lighter. With the skill of my hand, I flick the trigger of the lighter, and the flame was present instantly, I touched the tip of my cigar with my lighter, careful on trying not to get myself burned.

As I smoke while watching the clouds, I had a sense of realization hit me. This is the third year of my stay in Japan… in all those times, I always sent a letter back home. My parents been sending money here, and due to the rise of the conversion rate, it will take them a lot more to send than just the usual amount. My resolve for finding a part time job increased greatly. The last thing I wanted was to trouble my parents… I've troubled them enough my having them to send me money every once in a month.

And I'm an adult now… I'll be finishing university soon. At that time, I'll need to find a job for myself. A solid job, a job that I can keep. But what… I know a few of all things, but not on a level to be considered as job-worthy. I try to keep myself well informed of the situation in my surroundings… that's why I subscribed to a local newspaper. The TV that I had is also a good source of information, namely the news. I've also been using my laptop to keep myself informed about things.

Time flew, and I noticed it. I immediately discarded my cigar, throwing it to an ash can after I extinguish the flames. I went inside my room again, the medium sized twenty matted floor that is my apartment. I sat on the chair to eat the porridge that had cool down after I left it. I grabbed the spoon and proceed to consume the food that I made.

…

"It's good."

I'm surprised myself, usually, it would taste normal or slightly above average. But this time, it tastes better than I expect it would. I did the same thing, used the same ingredients and cook for the same period of time… maybe it's because I left it to cool down earlier? No… it can't be. Maybe my tongue is also affected due to my cold or fever or whatever. I finished the food with more vigor than usual, finding a new part of myself that I haven't cover. Maybe I had a talent to cook after all… maybe.

After finishing the food, I bring it to the sink to wash. I quickly do them, now they're all clean and ready to use for tomorrow. I walk over to a cup that I left on the counter of my kitchen, I opened my fridge and brought out a container that is filled with water. Of course, it's cold. The fresh drink somehow lifts my spirit up again, I felt motivated for a while.

Walking out of the kitchen, I slump down to my bed, preparing myself for a rest. Since it's just evening, I'll probably wake up at around five or six. I have no problem, probably by then I'll feel better. I begin to close my eyes, preparing for a short and restful nap. Eventually… sleep invades.

"It's already six…" I murmured out as I stare into my clock. I looked outside my veranda, and indeed, it's almost dark. Getting myself out from bed, I decided to take a bath. Since this is an apartment, the public bath is not far from here. And most of all, it's cheap. I'll go and prepare myself. I rummaged through my drawers to take my clothes, underwear, and towel. Also I can't forget soap and my water dipper.

After making sure that I got all the necessary things for bath, I pocket my phone inside my jacket pocket. I'm wearing a jacket because it's quite cold outside, and I'll be taking a bath. My fever has receded… it's a miracle. I'm still sleepy though that is why I'm taking a bath, I'm sure that I'll be in top shape after taking one. I looked outside, and I can already see that the street's busy already.

"Hm. Might as well go now, I don't want to stay up longer."

I grabbed my apartment keys from the end table near my bed, I made sure that I got everything turned off. The lights, gas and even the TV. It can't hurt to make sure if everything's off. I opened the door to my apartment, after I locked it, and I hastily leave for the bath. Usually, the bath is not too crowded at this time… though people would be there. I don't have any problem bathing with fellow men, though I prefer not to overhear their topic about their wives.

The walk from here to the baths is not that far, but it's not as close as the walk to the supermarket either. It'll take me about twenty or fifteen minutes if I walk, usually shorter. The empty residential street of the complex that I'm living in is dark, though there are street lamps, only a few of them remain on. From what I heard, people had been filing complains… but looks like they're not answered.

As I was walking, I noticed and hear something scary.

"Heheh… boss, should we just start here?"

"Yeah, yeah… let's just show this lady a good time shall we?"

"Come on boss!"

My body reacted on instinct. I dropped the towels, shirt and dipper that I had with me and I run straight for the voices. Three men speaking, and I hope that it's not what I imagined it to be. My feet take me as fast as they can, my heart's strangely beating fast and it's not from the running. So I reached the scene, a dark alley with little to no source of light at all. There is this feeling in my chest… I felt sick, sicker than anything. I pressed my body against the wall, listening in to their conversation before I act.

"She's one fine girl ain't she…?"

"Mhm… she's a cute one too… hehehe.."

"Fuck it, let's just do her and get it over with."

"Mhmmhppm!"

I can't quite see the victim… but all that's clear is that I might get into a fight, or a brawl, and that it will be harder than I thought. First, it's dark. Second, the alley is narrow and third, I might hit the victim. Let's just hope that this work and that things will go along smoothly.

"Hey you freaks let her go!" I brandish a retractable baton from one of my many pockets. Japan has a law of not bringing weapons outside in public, but at least it's not a sword or a gun. I had a false confident smirk on my face, if I'm gonna fail it, then at least I'm doing it with style. Now that I could see closer, one of the thug's aiming a flashlight on the victim. As I expected… it was a rape scene. From her appearance, I could say that nothing major happened yet, but that doesn't mean that she's okay. The thugs did not say anything else, they immediately run and went off to the other end of the alley, probably due to the baton I'm showing. The woman is fine… she's still shocked. Her clothes, however, I cannot say.

I approached her, a concerned look on my face. She's crying before, it's evident on her face. "Hey… you okay there?" I asked. I crouched down to her level. And I was surprised when she went and instantly lunged at me. "What, hey!"

"Uwaaaah!" shit… she's crying.

She continues to sob, making a mess of my jacket. I don't know what to do aside from staying there and not moving. The alley is filled with the sound of her crying, I'm sure that the neighbors are having a hard time sleeping. Her screams are loud… she cries harder, gripping on my shoulder. As I noticed, her clothes are ripped. It's a good thing that it's dark… or else I'll be seeing what I shouldn't see. This resumes for a while, it was then when her sobbing lessens, she continues to cough and sniffs.

"Hey… you okay there? They didn't do anything to you, did they?" I asked, finding it awkward that I'm in this kind of position. It's dark… but I can see the end of the alley from here. I hear more sniffing coming out from the woman that is hugging me, we are literally on the ground, she's quite strong. Her weight is not that heavy but she's keeping me on the ground.

"Sniff… sniff… I'm fine…" she lets go, slowly. But she is still on me, which doesn't makes me less comfortable.

I took the initiative on bringing the both of us to our feet. She's quite light, and shorter than me. "I see… can you walk?" I can feel her shaking her head in 'no'. well… so much for my trip to the baths. "Uhm, okay… what's your name?" I asked her.
