"…"

…and she's not answering. Great. Now how could I help her? maybe she's still shocked after all the things that has transpired before… I'll be shock as hell too. I scratched my head, not knowing what to do. I could take her to the police, but that'll be troublesome for me too. And it's late, the closest police station is miles away. Anyway, I better get her out of the alley.

"Look, I'm taking you out of here okay? You need me to carry you to a hospital or something…? Does your body hurt?" again, I can feel her shaking her head in a no. I sighed. "See here. I can't do anything if you won't give me an answer. Then how's this, I'm going to go to the baths. You can follow me and take a bath too if you'd like."

She nods…

I can't believe it…

I asked her if she wants to go to a hospital and she rejected it. But when I asked if she wants to go and take a bath… I can't believe this.

"Ok… then let's go." I turned but was unable to walk away when I felt something grabbing on my jacket. "What is it now?"

"C-Clothes… ripped…"

…I forgot.

"Oh… sorry. Here, you can use this." I took off my jacket, and handing it to her. She grabs my jacket and took them quicker than a thief would do. She must be cold… or her clothes got ripped off so bad. "Anyway, let's just get out of this dark alley when you're done, I'm not comfortable like this."

After putting on the jacket, she eventually agrees. But she won't let go of my shirt though… we walked towards the light, where everything is brighter. I turned to look at her and needless to say, I was surprised. Big time. The woman was not a woman at all. She's a kid. A girl who appears to be in her middle school level. She's short, and is keeping her face looking down towards the ground. It's acceptable… since she's just been through one of the scariest thing that a girl could face.

"I'll ask you again, are you fine? Are you hurt anywhere?" I asked, just to make sure.

She nodded meekly and slowly. She showed me her face, where there is a bruise mark on her cheeks. My fists clenched in anger. Those bastards… who would hurt a kid like this? When I tell her parents about this, It'd be no surprise if her dad or even mom would want to show those punks what it's like to mess with their daughter.

"Shit..." I cursed silently. Kneeling to her level, I touched her chin. She responded by retracting her face from my hand. "Let me see it, so I'll know if it's bad or not." She won't do it at first, but after explaining, she eventually let me to check. The bruise is deep… definitely a punch, and a slight cut too… "A little bit of first aid treatment will be more than enough to fix this, don't worry."

The girl look up to me with big teary eyes. I can't help but feel for her that she has to through… I smiled reassuringly while placing my palm on top of her head. "It's fine now… what's your name? I could probably call your parents…"

She looked down again, but it seems that she's okay now. She fiddled with her fingers, looking shy. "F-Flan…Flandre Scarlet…"

Flandre Scarlet…? A foreigner? Well… this will be hard. "Uh… Flan-chan, do you know where your parents are? Did you get separated from them?" this is bad. Not only is she a foreigner, she is lost too. It's a good thing that she knows Japanese… I can speak English but it's not like English is my first language.

"O-Onee-sama… Onee-sama sent me here…"

Onee-sama? Her sister? Why the hell would someone sent her sister out late at night like this!? Something is wrong here… "I see… then, Flan-chan… do you know where your Onee-sama is?"

"N-No… she sent me away, she's probably at home…"

"Then, your home?"

"…I… I can't remember."

That's officially it, I'm screwed.

SPLASH

"Stay here okay? I'm going to take the shampoo."

"Um."

The baths. It's surprising to see that this place is empty… maybe it's because it's seven already. Well, there goes my plan for having an early sleep. I had a lot in my mind. Now, I'm in a bath with a middle school girl. She is young. What I'm doing here is basically a crime. Crime. As in, I will get arrested if someone reported this to the police. I left her for the females section of the bath, but she said that she'd never been to a public bath before. I kind of get how she feels… the first time I went to a public bath was so awkward and scary.

Anyway, I'm alone in a bath with a girl who is half or maybe more than my age. I suppressed a deep sigh, knowing that getting stressed won't help me. All I need is to think, think on how or what should I do with Flandre. "Sorry for the wait." I went inside the bath again. We are facing the opposite direction. For obvious reasons. She did not answer. Given since all that has happened before…

I need to ask questions here… I could help her and it will be easier for me.

"So.. Flan-chan, why are you out there alone by yourself?" when I asked, I could hear the sound of water splashing. She flinched. "Listen here Flan-chan… I asked if you wanted to go the hospital but you don't want to. Then please, answer me so that I can help you." I plead.

"O-Onee-sama sent me away…"

Okay, now we're getting somewhere… "Why did she sent you away?"

"I-I lost control, again…" more splashes could be heard coming from her side of the bath.

Lost control? Can't hurt to ask… "Why did you… 'lost control'?"

She did not answer me. She's silence almost as if she doesn't want me to ask her that question. "Um… Flan-chan?"

"Onee-sama…" she started. Her voice seems nervous to me. "Onee-sama told me to not tell anyone about my condition."

Even though her sister kicked her out she still obeys her? What a good kid. "I see… it's okay. Are you done? If you are… then let me know we'll get out at the same time."

"Um."

A while later, we eventually got out from the baths. Now dressed in our clothes, Flan's wearing my jacket… her clothes was ripped off and she is still wearing the skirt that she was wearing before. Now that I'm clean and dressed, looks like that I can go home. Walking on the residential street again, I made sure that I was as close to her as possible, I'm not going to let the same thing happened again. I guess that she's doing okay now… but I still got a lot of shit inside my mind though.

I would send her back home… but it's too dark and late, I'm really sleepy. As we are walking, I strike up a conversation. "Flan-chan, since you have nowhere to go right now. You can stay at my place, we'll talk more tomorrow."

"Okay." Replied the girl.

After walking for a while, we reached my apartment. I lead Flandre to the door of my apartment, I brought out my keys and proceeded to unlock the door. Turning on the lights, I stepped in. "Well, make yourself at home. Sorry if it's not much." I went and head towards my closet, where I quickly store my old clothes and bathing tools. I also brought out the spare futon that I have.

I go through one of the drawers, trying to find a first aid kit to treat Flandre's bruis with. To my relief, I found it. I walked over to where Flan is standing. "Come here Flan-chan, I'll deal with that wound on your face." I motioned her to sit on the chair inside my room. She did as I asked her. I opened the first aid box and was glad to find some rubbing alcohol and cotton. This will do just fine. I then dip the cotton with the alcohol. "Sorry, this might hurt a little bit."

I pressed it lightly to her bruise, to my surprise, she did not even flinch much or less scream. Looks like she's used... I regret thinking about that. I discard my head from unnecessary thoughts. It took me a only a moment, but after I thought that it's okay, I stopped applying alcohol. "There, all done. Are you sure that you're not hurt anywhere else?"

"No." hm. As expected.

I sighed. I placed the cotton and alcohol inside the box again, placing them inside the drawer inside my wardrobe. I looked around and found the futon that I brought out earlier. I set them near my bed, "Here, this is where you'll be sleeping. Just get in when you feel like sleeping, if you're hungry, there are some sweets inside the fridge. I really need to sleep…" I stifled a yawn. "Then, goodnight." Without any other word, I crashed to my bed.

P.O.V change: Third person.

"Goodnight to you too…" Flan words trailed off. She clutched her chest, feeling them hurting. She was scared… because of what happened earlier, and this feeling that she's feeling. Her mind's all confused. Where did her Onee-sama sent her? Earlier, she tried to Kyuu something, but she was unable to do it. Her Onee-sama… she sent her out to this place… why?

Ah… that's right, she lost control. She remembered how angry her Onee-sama was… she was afraid of her Onee-sama. Maybe that is it… her Onee-sama sent her out here, in a world where she can't Kyuu things, to stop her powers or to suppress them. but why… why did her Onee-sama told her not to tell anyone else about her house? About Gensokyo?

Her hands clutched the jacket that was lent to her by the sleeping Onii-san. This Onii-san, he's a good person. He saved her from the bad men who tried to… do things to her. Flan sniffed, but holds back the tears that are threatening to escape her eyes. She cannot cry. Her Onee-sama told her that crying is unladylike. Flan walked over to the futon that was laid out for her by the Onii-san. She began to lie down and closed her eyes, feeling sleepy.

It's weird… after all…

Vampire sleeps in the day.

A/N: Quick note. This story is to keep you guys from getting bored. I'm busy with school, it started recently, and I can't write anything else for a few weeks or more. I hope that you enjoy this little story, tell me know if you want me to continue this. But I won't guarantee that I will have the time to do this. In any case, I will try my best to keep you, the readers, entertained.

Goodnight/morning and see ya at the next update!
